Assembly Row | Parking near Assembly Row Assembly Row Parking Menu AMENITIES VISIT LIVE OFFICES Home 3 for FREE 3 hours parking with no charge Home Menu Parking Info Employee Parking Contact Parking FAQs Assembly Row’s parking rate structure ensures visitors will always have a place to park. Assembly visitors can park for up to 3 hours for FREE. Longer stays will be charged a nominal, hourly rate. NEW PARKING SYSTEM Welcome to a new era of seamless, hands-free, and hassle-free parking. Effective May 28, 2025, all parking garages at Assembly Row are powered by License Plate Recognition (LPR) technology and a new mobile payment system through Metropolis! Here’s what you can expect come May 28: No more credit cards at the gate! Just pull in — your license plate is your access. Parking for UNDER three hours? Just pull up to the gate and pull out! It’s as simple as that. Parking for OVER three hours? Register for an account with Metropolis so you never have to take action before leaving again. Once your account is set up, the next time you park for over three hours, Metropolis will automatically charge the card you have on file. No further action required. Our rates remain the same (3 hours free, $3 for 3-4 hours, etc.) there’s just a teeny tiny transaction fee added to each visit. Want to get ahead of the game? Pre-register for an account with Metropolis prior to visiting Assembly Row by downloading the Metropolis app or by visiting app.metropolis.io . Take a test drive with our interactive demo . Parking Map Get Directions From To Add Waypoint For Driving Walking Transit Bicycling show options hide options Avoid Tolls Avoid Highways Avoid Ferries Print directions Reset directions Fetching directions...... Reset directions Print directions Parking Garages Rates Each new business day begins at 5:00 AM. Vehicles that remain at the garage after 5:00AM will be charged additional fees for staying an extra day. Contact Parking The Assembly Parking Office can be reached at 617-356-2671 [email protected] Employee Parking Assembly employees can take advantage of discounted monthly parking. Each new business day begins at 5:00 AM. Vehicles that remain at the garage after 5:00 AM will be charged additional fees for staying an extra day. Apply for Monthly Parking © 2024 SP Plus Corp. , All Rights Reserved • Privacy Policy | Terms of Use California Consumer Privacy Policy Requests Instagram X-twitter Facebook Envelope Menu JOB OPENING PARKING DIRECTIONS Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Federal Realty
