
--- PAGE 1 ---
a 
  
 
 
 
 
City of Somerville, Massachusetts 
Traffic Commission 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Traffic Regulations 
JANUARY 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jake Wilson, Mayor 
Eric Weisman 
Chair 
Suzanne Rinfret 
Director 
 
 
 
City of Somerville Parking Department 
133 holland Street, Somerville, Massachusetts 02144  
Phone: (617) 625.6600 Extension 7900. Facsimile: (617) 628. 6675  


--- PAGE 2 ---
b 
Published 
By Order Of the 
Traffic Commission 
 
 
Jake Wilson 
Mayor 
 
Eric Weisman, Chair 
Interim Commissioner of Public Works 
 
Naima Sait 
Councilor, chair, Committee on Traffic & Parking 
 
Sean Tierney 
Assistant Chief, Somerville Fire Department  
 
Michael Holland 
Lieutenant, Somerville police department 
 
Lena Webb 
Commissioner-At-Large 
_______________________________ 
 
Suzanne Rinfret 
Director of Parking 
 
 
Anna Rebelo 
Parking Clerk 
 
Jacqueline Stagnari 
Commission Staff Liaison 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
i 
CITY OF SOMERVILLE 
TRAFFIC COMMISSION 
TRAFFIC REGULATIONS 
 
INDEX 
 
PREFACE 
 
ARTICLES 
 
Article I…………………….. Definitions 
Article II…………………… Authority of Police and Fire Departments 
Article III……………..……. Traffic Signs, Signals, Markings, and Zones 
Article IV…………………... Speed Regulations 
Article V…………………… Stopping, Standing, Parking 
Article VI………………….. One-Way Streets 
Article VII………………….. Operation of Vehicles 
Article VIII………………….Temporary Traffic Control 
Article IX…………………... Accident Reports 
Article X…………………….Towing and Tow Zones 
Article XI………………...… Penalties and Repeals 
Article XII………………….. Pedestrian Control Regulations 
Article XIII………………….Bicycle Regulations 
Article XIV………………….Neighborhood Traffic Management & Traffic Calming Program 
Article XV … … … … … …Fees and Permit Parking 
Article XVI… … … … … ... Appeals and Hearing 
Article XVII… … … … … ...Motorized Scooters 
Article XVIII………………..Red Light Video Surveillance Enforcement 
 
APPENDICES 
 
Appendix A……………….. Pertinent Statutes 
Appendix B…………...…… Relevant Forms 
Appendix C……………….. Relevant Sections of Somerville Code 
 
SCHEDULES 
 
 
 
Schedule A……………...… Bus Stops 
Schedule B……………...… Taxicab Stands 
Schedule C……………….. Loading/Service Zones 
Schedule D……………….. Parking Locations and Prohibitions 
Schedule E………………... Permit Parking 
Schedule F……………...… On Street Parking Meter Zones 
Schedule G……………….. Safety Zones 
Schedule H……………….. Parking for Persons with Disabilities 
Schedule I………………… One-Way Streets 
Schedule J………………… No Right Turn On Red 
Schedule K……………….. Do Not Enter 
Schedule L……………….. U-Turns Prohibited 

--- PAGE 4 ---
ii 
Schedule M……………….. Turns Prohibited 
Schedule N……………….. Mandatory Turns 
Schedule O……………….. Stop Signs 
Schedule P……………….. Operation of Heavy Commercial Vehicles Prohibited 
Schedule Q……………….. Speed Zones 
Schedule R……………….. Hazardous and Congested Places 
Schedule S……………….. Speed Safety Zones  
Schedule T………………..    Snow Emergency Exception Streets 
Schedule U……………………    Temporary Emergency Construction Restrictions 
Schedule V………………... Specialty Signs 
Schedule W………………..   Locations Prohibited the Issuance of Parking Permits

--- PAGE 5 ---
ii 
 
PREFACE 
 
These Traffic Rules and Regulations have been adopted by the Traffic Commission pursuant to 
the provisions of the Charter of the City of Somerville empowering it to do so.  The relevant 
section of the Charter is Article VII, Division 2, § 8, which states in part: 
 
The traffic commission may adopt, alter or repeal rules and regulations, not inconsistent with 
General Law as modified by this Act, relative to vehicular and pedestrian traffic in the streets of 
the city, and to the movement, stopping, standing or parking of vehicles on, and their exclusion 
from, all or any streets, ways, highways, roads and parkways under the control of the city, 
including rules and regulations designating any way or part thereof under such control as a 
through way under and subject to the provisions of Section nine of Chapter eighty-nine of the 
General Laws.  Any rule or regulation adopted under this clause, prohibiting the parking or 
standing of vehicles on the whole or any part or parts of one or more streets, ways, highways, 
roads or parkways under the control of the city, may provide that it shall not apply in such 
residential areas as shall be specified, and at such times as shall be prescribed, in such rule or 
regulation, to any motor vehicle registered under Chapter ninety of the General Laws as 
principally garaged in the city and owned or used by a person residing in such area, who, in the 
year in which such vehicle is parked or in the preceding December for such year, shall have 
given, by a writing executed in such form and detail as such rule or regulation shall prescribe, 
and filed with the chief of police, notice of intention to park in such area and shall display in a 
conspicuous place on such vehicle, while parked, such visible evidence of the giving of such 
notice as such rule or regulation shall prescribe; but neither the giving of such notice nor the 
issuance of visible evidence of the giving thereof shall be construed to assign any specific space 
to any person or vehicle.  The traffic commission may, with the approval of the mayor and city 
council, prescribe a schedule of fines not exceeding fifteen dollars for each violation of parking 
regulations in the calendar year as authorized by Section twenty-C of Chapter ninety of the 
General Laws.  All other violations of regulations adopted under the provisions of this Act, 
except as otherwise provided by statute, shall be subject to fines not to exceed fifty dollars for 
each offense as set forth in the regulations. 

--- PAGE 6 ---
iii 
CITY OF SOMERVILLE 
TRAFFIC RULES & REGULATIONS 
 
The following vote was duly passed: 
 
The Traffic Commission of the City of Somerville acting by virtue of the power given to it by 
Chapter 397 of the General Laws of Massachusetts Tercenary Edition (“General Laws”) and 
Article VII, Division 2, §8 of the Charter of the City of Somerville, and by virtue of any other 
power it hereto enabling, hereby adopts and makes the rules and orders for the regulation of 
carriages and vehicles used in the said City for regulating traffic upon the streets and highways 
of said City of Somerville; insofar as the said rules and orders or any of them are the same as the 
regulations, rules and orders now in force they shall be deemed to be a continuation thereof. 
 
If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of these rules and order is for any reason 
unconstitutional, void for vagueness, illegal, or unenforceable, such decisions shall not affect the 
validity of the remaining portion of these rules and orders.  The City of Somerville hereby 
declares that it would have passed these regulations and each section, subsection, sentence, 
clause or phrase thereof irrespective of the fact that any one or more sections, subsections, 
sentences, clauses or phrases be declared unconstitutional.

--- PAGE 7 ---
1 
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS 
 
Section 1-1 Definitions 
 For the purpose of these Regulations, the words and phrases used herein shall have the 
following meanings except in those instances where the context clearly indicates a different 
meaning. 
 
Section 1-2 Bus Stop 
An area in the roadway set aside for the boarding of or alighting from and the parking of 
buses. 
 
Section 1-3 Crosswalk 
That portion of a roadway ordinarily included within the prolongation or connection of 
curb lines and property lines at intersections, or at any portion of a roadway indicated for 
pedestrian crossing by lines on the road surface or by other marking or signs. 
 
Section 1-4 Curb Marking, Official 
 That portion of a curbing, the painting of which has been authorized by the Traffic 
Commission of the City of Somerville (hereinafter Traffic Commission), and which has the 
written approval of the Massachusetts Highway Department. 
 
Section 1-5 Emergency Vehicle 
 Vehicles of the Fire Department, police vehicles, ambulances and emergency vehicles of 
federal, state, and municipal departments or public service corporations when the latter are 
responding to an emergency. 
 
Section 1-6 Funeral 
 Any procession of mourners properly identified as such accompanying the remains of a 
human body. 
 
Section 1-7 Intersection 
 The area embraced within the extensions of the lateral curb lines or, if none, then the 
lateral boundary lines, of intersecting ways as defined in Section 1 of Chapter 90 of the General 
Laws, including divided ways. 
 
 The rules and regulations herein contained governing and restricting the movement of 
vehicles at and near intersecting ways shall apply at any place along any way at which drivers 
are to be controlled by traffic control signals whether or not such place is an intersection as 
herein defined. 
 
Section 1-8 Lane 
A longitudinal division of a roadway into a strip of sufficient width to accommodate the 
passage of a single line of vehicles. 
 

--- PAGE 8 ---
2 
Section 1-9 Live Parking 
The stopping or standing of a vehicle, while the same is in direct charge of a driver, on a 
roadway otherwise than temporarily in obedience to traffic rules, regulations, signs, or signals. 
 
Section 1-10 Loading (Service) Zone 
An area in the roadway set aside for the accommodation of commercial and transient 
vehicular traffic. 
 
Section 1-11 Officer 
Any officer of the Somerville Police Department or any officer authorized to direct or 
regulate traffic or to make arrests for the violation of traffic regulations. 
 
Section 1-12 Parking 
The standing of a vehicle, whether occupied or not, otherwise than temporarily for the 
purpose of and while actually engaged in loading or unloading, or in obedience to an officer or 
traffic signs and signals, or while making emergency repairs or, if disabled, while arrangements 
are being made to move such vehicle. 
 
Section 1-13 Parking Control Officer 
 Any officer authorized by the Traffic Commission to regulate parking or make citations 
for the violation of parking regulations. 
 
Section 1-14 Parking Meter 
Any mechanical device, not inconsistent with the provisions of this regulation, and placed 
or erected on any public way or municipal off-street parking area within the City of Somerville 
for the regulation of parking.  Each parking meter installed shall indicate by proper legend the 
legal parking time established by this regulation and when operated shall at all times indicate the 
balance of legal parking time permitted and at the expiration of such period shall indicate illegal 
or overtime parking. 
 
Section 1-15 Parking Meter Space 
Any space within a parking meter zone, adjacent to a parking meter which is duly 
designated for the parking of a single vehicle by lines painted on the surface of the street or 
municipal off-street parking area adjacent to or adjoining each parking meter. 
 
Section 1-16 Parking Meter Zone 
Any street or portion thereof or municipal off-street parking area upon which parking of 
vehicles is permitted for a limited time subject to compliance with the further provisions of this 
regulation. 
 
Section 1-17 Pedestrian 
Any person afoot or riding on a conveyance moved by human muscular power, except 
bicycles or tricycles, as defined in Chapter 90, Section 18A of the General Laws. 
 
Section 1-18 Person 
Any individual, firm, partnership, association, corporation, or similar entity. 

--- PAGE 9 ---
3 
 
Section 1-19 Railroad Crossing 
Any intersection of ways with a railroad right-of-way. 
 
Section 1-20 Roadway 
That portion of a street or highway between regularly established curb lines or that part, 
exclusive of shoulders, improved and intended to be used for vehicular traffic. 
 
Section 1-21 Rotary Traffic 
 The counterclockwise operation of a vehicle around an object or structure. 
 
Section 1-22 Safety Zone 
Any area or space set aside within a roadway for the exclusive use of pedestrians and 
which has been indicated by signs, lines, or markings, having the written approval of the 
Massachusetts Highway Department. 
 
Section 1-23 Sidewalk 
That portion of a street or highway, other than a crosswalk, set aside for pedestrian travel. 
 
Section 1-24 Street or Highway 
The entire width between property lines of every way open to the public for purposes for 
travel. 
 
Section 1-25 Street Marking, Official 
Any painted line, legend, marking or marker of any description painted or placed upon 
any way which purports to direct and regulate traffic and which has been authorized by the 
Massachusetts Highway Department. 
 
Section 1-26 Taxicab Stands 
An area in the roadway in which certain taxicabs are authorized and required to park 
while waiting to be engaged. 
 
Section 1-27 Traffic 
Pedestrians, ridden animals, vehicles, streetcars or other conveyances either singly or 
together while using any street or highway for the purpose of travel. 
 
Section 1-28 Traffic Control Area 
Any area along any way, other than an intersecting way, at which drivers are to be 
controlled by traffic control signals. 
 
Section 1-29 Traffic Control Signal 
Any device using colored lights which conforms to the standards prescribed by the 
Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices, whether manually, electrically, or mechanically 
operated, by which traffic may be alternately directed to stop and to proceed. 
 

--- PAGE 10 ---
4 
Section 1-30 Traffic Island 
Any area or space set aside within a roadway, which is not intended for use by vehicular 
traffic. 
 
Section 1-31 Traffic Signs, Official 
All signs, markings, and devices, other than signals, not inconsistent with these rules and 
orders, and which conform to the standards prescribed by the Manual on Uniform Traffic 
Control Devices and placed or erected by authority of a public body or official having 
jurisdiction for the purpose of guiding, directing, warning, or regulating traffic. 
 
Section 1-32 Traffic Signals, Official 
All signals, conforming to the standards as prescribed by the Manual on Uniform Traffic 
Control Devices, and placed or erected by authority of a public body having jurisdiction, for the 
purpose of directing or warning traffic. 
 
Section 1-33 U-Turn 
 The turning of a vehicle by means of a continuous turn whereby the direction of such 
vehicle is reversed. 
 
Section 1-34 Vehicle 
Every device in, upon or by which any person or property is or may be transported or 
drawn upon a highway, including bicycles when the provisions of these rules are applicable to 
them, except other devices moved by human power or used exclusively upon stationary rails or 
tracks and devices which derive their power for operation from stationary overhead wires. 
 
Section 1-35 Vehicle, Commercial 
 A vehicle displaying commercial vehicle license plates or used primarily for commercial 
purposes as declared on the application for insurance of said vehicle or any vehicle displaying, 
words, numbers, or symbols, that name or call attention to a business enterprise, except that of a 
vehicle manufacturer. 
 
Section 1-36 Vehicle, Heavy Commercial 
Any commercial vehicle of two and one half (2 1/2) tons capacity or over. 
 
Section 1-37 Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) 
A publication of the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) of the United States 
Department of Transportation, which is incorporated by reference in 23 CFR Part 655.  The 
MUTCD promulgates standards for the installation of traffic control devices in the Unites States. 

--- PAGE 11 ---
1 
ARTICLE II 
AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF POLICE AND FIRE DEPARTMENT 
 
Section 2-1 Traffic, Police to Direct 
It shall be the duty of officers designated by the Chief of Police to enforce the provisions 
of these Regulations.  Parking Control Officers designated by the Director of Traffic & Parking 
shall enforce the parking provisions only.  Such officers are hereby authorized to direct all traffic 
either in person or by means of visible or audible signal in conformance with the provisions of 
these Regulations provided that in the event of a fire or other emergency, to expedite traffic or 
safeguard pedestrians, officers of the Police or Fire Departments may direct traffic, as conditions 
may require, notwithstanding the provisions of these Regulations. 
` 
Section 2-2 Close Street, Police May Temporarily 
The Chief of Police is hereby authorized to close temporarily any street or highway in an 
impending or existing emergency, or for any lawful assemblage, demonstration, or procession. 
Article VIII of these Regulations, “Work zone Traffic Control”, specifically regulates the 
scheduled closing of streets and highways. 
 
Section 2-3 Close Street, Fire Department May Temporarily 
The Chief Engineer of the Fire Department is hereby authorized to close temporarily any 
street or highway, or portion thereof, in case of a fire or other emergency response related to 
public safety as determined by the Emergency Management Director. 
 
Section 2-4 Close Street, Other Departments May Temporarily 
The Commissioner of Public Works and the Director of Traffic & Parking are hereby 
authorized to close temporarily any street or highway, or portion thereof, in case of the need for 
emergency repairs to the roadway. 
 
Section 2-5 Parking, Police and Others May Prohibit Temporarily 
The Chief of Police, the Commissioner of Public Works, and the Director of Traffic & 
Parking are hereby authorized to prohibit, temporarily, parking on any street or highway or part 
thereof in an impending or existing emergency or for a lawful assemblage, demonstration, or 
procession.  Vehicles parked in places where parking is prohibited temporarily may be moved 
under the direction of a police officer in the grade of sergeant or above. Article VIII of these 
Regulations, “Temporary Traffic Control,” specifically regulates the scheduled closing of streets 
and highways.     
    
Section 2-6 Exemptions 
The provisions of these Regulations shall not apply to police officers when engaged in 
the performance of public duties or to drivers of emergency vehicles (including the Emergency 
Management Director) while operating in an emergency and in performance of public duties 
when the nature of the work of any of these necessitates a departure from any part of these 
Regulations.  These exemptions shall not, however, protect the driver of any vehicle from the 
consequences of a reckless disregard of the safety of others. 
         

--- PAGE 12 ---
2 
Section 2-7 Drivers’ Obedience to Police Officers 
Drivers of vehicles shall comply with any lawful order, signal, or direction of a police 
officer.

--- PAGE 13 ---
1 
ARTICLE III 
TRAFFIC SIGNS, SIGNALS, MARKINGS, AND ZONES 
 
Section 3-1 Bus Stops, Taxicab Stands and Service Zones, Location of 
 The location of all bus stops, taxicab stands and service zones shall be specified by the 
Traffic Commission and in the case of taxicab stands, the Chief of Police with the approval of 
the Traffic Commission shall designate who may use them as such. 
  
 The location of all bus stops is in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as 
Schedule A, hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule A is specifically 
incorporated in this section.  Section 5-11 of these Regulations specifically regulates bus stops. 
 
 The location of all taxicab stands is in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as 
Schedule B, hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule B is specifically 
incorporated in this section.  Section 5-12 of these Regulations specifically regulates taxicab 
stands. 
 
 The location of all service zones is in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as 
Schedule C, hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule C is specifically 
incorporated in this section.  Section 5-2 of these Regulations specifically regulates service 
zones. 
 
Section 3-2 Interference with Signs, Signals and Markings Prohibited 
 
(a) Any person who willfully defaces, injures, moves, obstructs, or interferes with any 
official traffic signs, signals, or marking shall be in violation of City Ordinance as prescribed in 
Chapter 9, Article IV. Offenses Against Property, § 9-47. Defacing Public Property. 
 
(b) Any sign that has been defaced by the affixing of adhesive stickers to the sign bearing the 
name of a person will be a violation of any provisions of these rules and regulations.  If the 
identity of the person affixing the sticker cannot be determined, the person whose name such 
sticker bears, shall be held prima facie responsible for such violations. 
 
(c) Violations of the provisions of this section are subject to a penalty in accordance with the 
provisions of the City of Somerville Code of Ordinances. 
 
Section 3-3 Obedience to Traffic Signs, Signals and Markings 
No driver of any vehicle or of any street car shall disobey the instructions of any official 
traffic control signal, sign, marking, marker or legend unless otherwise directed by a police 
officer. 
 
Section 3-4 Traffic Signs and Signals 
(a) The Traffic Director is hereby authorized, and as to those signs and signals required  
hereunder it shall be their duty, to place or maintain or cause to be placed and maintained all 
official traffic signs, signals, markings, and safety zones. All signs, markings, and safety zones 
shall conform to the standards as prescribed by the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices. 

--- PAGE 14 ---
2 
 
(b)  Sections 2-2 and 2-3 of Article II, Sections 5-1(k), (q) and (r), 5-2, 5-3, 5-5, 5-6, 5-10, 5-
11, 5-12 and 5-20 of Article V relating to parking and Sections 7-10, 7-11, 7-12, 7-19 and 7-27 
concerning turning movements and/or exclusion shall be effective only during such times as 
official signs are erected and maintained in each block designating the provisions of such 
sections and located so as to be easily visible to approaching drivers. 
(1974-24) 
 
(c) Sections relating to one-way streets shall be effective only during such time as a 
sufficient number of official signs are erected and maintained at each of the exits for each one-
way street, so that at least one sign will be clearly visible for a distance of at least seventy-five 
(75) feet to drivers approaching such an exit. 
 
(d)  The enforcement of a regulatory sign, posted within a city block, classified by the Manual 
of Uniform Traffic Control Devices, as the Parking Series, shall be implemented 100 linear feet 
before the sign placement and 100 linear feet after the sign placement. In no case shall a 
restricted zone be longer than 200 linear feet without additional postings. 
(93-13) 
 
Section 3-5 Signs, Signals and Markings Prohibited, Display of Unauthorized 
No person or corporation shall place, maintain, or display upon or in view of any street, 
any unofficial device, sign, signal, curb marking or street marking which purports to be or is an 
imitation of or resembles an official traffic device, sign, signal, curb marking or street marking or 
which attempts to direct the movement of traffic or which hides from view any official sign or 
signal, marking or device.  The Chief of Police and Director of Traffic & Parking are hereby 
authorized to remove any such prohibited sign, signal, marking or device or cause it to be 
removed without notice. 
 
Section 3-6 Authority to make experimental or temporary rules 
For emergency or experimental purposes the Traffic Commission may make temporary 
rules regulating traffic and parking, or test under actual conditions, traffic signs, signals, 
markings, or other devices.  No such emergency or experimental rule regulating traffic or 
parking shall remain in effect for a period of time longer than one hundred eighty (180) days. 
(81-8) 
 
 
Section 3-7 Authority to approve construction team requests  
 For temporary signage and/or traffic changes necessary due to GLX construction and 
bridge closures.  These changes will be made on site and approval will be requested at the next 
scheduled Traffic Commission meeting.  Approved requests will be listed in schedule U 
“Temporary Restrictions”

--- PAGE 15 ---
1 
ARTICLE IV 
SPEED REGULATIONS 
 
Section 4-1 General Prohibitions 
 No person operating a motor vehicle on any way shall run it at a rate of speed greater 
than is reasonable and proper, having regard to traffic and the use of the way and the safety of 
the public.  Unless it is otherwise posted in accordance with the provisions of §18 of Chapter 90 
of the General Laws and Section 4-2 below, it shall be prima facie evidence of a rate of speed 
greater than is reasonable and proper as aforesaid (1.) if a motor vehicle is operated a rate of 
speed in excess of thirty miles per hour for a distance of one eight of a mile, or (2.) within a 
school zone established under the provisions of § 2 of Chapter 85 of the General Laws at a rate 
of speed exceeding twenty miles per hour. 
 
Section 4-2 Specific Prohibitions 
 No person shall operate a motor vehicle at a speed in excess of a speed limit posted in 
accordance with the provisions of Chapter 90, §18 of the General Laws. 
 
 The Traffic Commission, having adopted special speed regulations in accordance with 
the provisions of Chapter 90, §18 of the General Laws hereby promulgates said regulations. The 
location of all speed zones is in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as Schedule Q, 
hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule Q is specifically incorporated in 
this section. 
 
Section 4-3 Speed Safety Zones  
The Speed Limit within 300ft of the designated areas designated in Schedule S shall be 
20 mph. 
 
 

--- PAGE 16 ---
1 
ARTICLE V 
STOPPING, STANDING, PARKING 
 
Section 5-1 General Prohibitions 
No driver shall allow, permit or suffer any vehicle registered in their name to stand or 
park in any street, way, highway, road or parkway under the control of the City of Somerville in 
violation of any of the Traffic Regulations adopted by the Traffic Commission and in particular 
in any of the following places except when necessary to avoid conflict with other traffic or in 
compliance with the direction of a police officer or traffic sign or signal. 
 
(a) Within any intersection. 
 
(b) Upon any sidewalk. 
 
(c) Upon or within 20ft of any crosswalk. 
 
(d) Upon any roadway in a rural or sparsely settled district. 
 
(e) Upon a roadway where parking is permitted unless both wheels on the right side of the 
vehicle are within twelve (12) inches of the curb or edge of the roadway, except upon those 
streets which are designated as one-way streets.  On such one-way streets vehicles shall be 
parked in the direction in which said vehicle is moving and with both wheels within twelve (12) 
inches of the curb. 
 
(f) This is not to apply to streets or parts of streets where angle parking is required by these 
regulations. 
 
(g) Upon any roadway where the parking of a vehicle will not leave a clear and unobstructed 
lane at least twelve (12) feet wide for passing traffic. 
 
(h) Upon a street or highway within ten (10) feet of a fire hydrant. 
 
(i) In front of any driveway, including 2 feet in either direction from the driveway  
 
(j) Upon any street or highway within twenty (20) feet of an intersecting way, except alleys. 
 
(k) Within fifteen (15) feet of the wall of a fire station or directly across the street from such 
fire station provided signs are erected acquainting the driver of such restriction. 
 
(l) Alongside or opposite any street excavation or obstruction when such stopping, standing 
or parking would obstruct traffic. 
 
(m) Within twenty-five (25) feet of the nearest rail of a railroad crossing when there are no 
gates at such crossing, or otherwise within five (5) feet from the gate. 
 
(n) On a bridge and the approach thereto. 

--- PAGE 17 ---
2 
 
(o) On the roadway side of any vehicle stopped or parked at the edge or curb of a roadway. 
 
(p) On both sides of any street, alley or private way, when the width does not exceed 
eighteen (18) feet or upon one side of a street, alley or private way, when the width of the 
roadway does not exceed twenty-six (26) feet. 
 
(q) When official signs prohibiting parking are erected upon narrow streets authorized 
herein, no person shall park upon any such street in violation of any such sign. 
(81-1) 
 
(r) Upon any street or part thereof where signs have been erected by order of the Traffic 
Director for the purpose of facilitating the cleaning of streets, no person shall stand or park a 
vehicle on the days and during the hours indicated. 
(1977-1) 
 
(s) It shall be unlawful for any person to park a vehicle at a metered space in any City owned 
parking lot unless parked with the front of the vehicle facing the parking meter.  This will be 
referred to as “Head On” parking.  Violations of the provisions of this section shall be enforced 
by the City of Somerville in accordance with the provisions of the General Laws, Chapter 90 
section 20A and shall be fined as a “Wrong Direction” violation. 
(2001-02) 
 
(t)       The standing or parking of any commercial vehicle between the hours of 12:00am and 
6:00am on any day on any part of any street, way, highway, road, or parkway under the control 
of the City of Somerville is prohibited.  Article VII Sec 7-27 (c). 
 
(u)      Upon any way for a period of time exceeding 24 consecutive hours, whether the vehicle is 
disabled or not and preparations are being made by the owner or operator for its removal.  Article 
X Sec 10-5 (i). 
 
(v)      With an expired or invalid registration plate. Upon any Bicycle Lane 
 
(w) With an expired or invalid inspection sticker  
 
(x) Upon any Bicycle Lane 
 
Section 5-2 Loading/Service Zones 
 No person shall park a vehicle upon any street in any service zone for a period of time 
longer than thirty minutes and except while actually engaged in loading or unloading, except that 
passenger vehicles may stand for not more than five (5) minutes, continuously, for the receiving 
or discharging of passengers, except for loading zones in and around the Davis Square area 
which are for “Delivery Vehicles Only”, and commercial vehicles may stand for not more than 
twenty (20) minutes continuously for the loading or unloading of materials. 
 

--- PAGE 18 ---
3 
 The location of all service zones is in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as 
Schedule C, hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule C is specifically 
incorporated in this section. 
       
Section 5-3 Diagonal Parking 
(a) The Traffic Commission shall determine the street upon which diagonal parking shall be 
permitted and shall cause said streets to be designated by sign and the surfaces thereof to be 
marked as directed by the Traffic Director. 
 
(b) Where such diagonal parking is permitted, vehicles shall be parked with one wheel within 
twelve (12) inches of the curb and at the angle to the curb indicated by official marks and signs.  
The vehicle shall be parked so that all four wheels of the vehicle shall be places wholly within 
the area indicated for parking, and headed to the curb. 
 
(List of areas may be passed by Regulation later.) 
 
Section 5-4 Parking Vehicle for Sale Prohibited 
 It shall be unlawful for any person to park upon a street or highway any vehicle displayed 
for sale. 
 
Section 5-5 Parking Location and Prohibitions 
 Parking is prohibited, restricted or limited as to time, space and streets in accordance with 
a schedule of streets designated as Schedule D, hereto appended to which reference is made and 
which Schedule D is specifically incorporated in this section.  No operator shall park a vehicle in 
the designated prohibited locations or in the restricted locations for a period longer than is 
designated in Schedule D, except as otherwise provided in this Schedule, or where there is a time 
limit as to parking. No parking anytime on McGrath Highway, both sides, from Washington St. 
to Somerville Av. (beginning on September 1, 2015 for the duration of the construction 
associated with the McCarthy Overpass Project). 
 
Section 5-6 Permit Parking Location and Prohibitions 
 Parking is prohibited, restricted, or limited as to time, space and streets without a permit 
issued by the Traffic Commission in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as 
Schedule E, hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule E is specifically 
incorporated in this section. No operator shall park a vehicle in the designated prohibited 
locations or in the restricted locations for a period longer than is designated in Schedule E, 
without a permit issued by the Traffic Commission except as otherwise provided in this 
Schedule. 
 
Section 5-7 Residential Permit Parking Program Approval Procedures 
(a) In order for a street in the City of Somerville to become a Residential Permit Parking 
Program Street, 51% or more of the residents must approve/support a petition for the request.  
The petition must be submitted on Department of Traffic & Parking Form 1 (T&P Form 1, 
included in Appendix B) by the residents in accordance with the instructions on the form. 
 

--- PAGE 19 ---
4 
(b) Once a petition is submitted meeting the requirements stated on the form, the Department 
of Traffic & Parking investigates the number of residential units on the petitioned street in order 
to verify signatures.  In calculating the percentage of the residents who approve of the petition, 
the following criteria apply: 
1. One signature per household. 
2. Only legal residents of legal units may sign the petition. 
3. Sublet units will not be counted (i.e., house 37A and 37B shall be considered one 
(1) household #37) 
4. Corner lots with addresses on an intersecting street will be included in the 
calculation and may sign the petition. 
 
(c) The Traffic Commission, by a majority vote, approves the petition if the requisite number 
of signatures are submitted on the petition and verified by the Department of Traffic & Parking. 
 
(d) The Department of Traffic & Parking advertises the proposed traffic regulations for three 
weeks in the newspaper. 
 
(e) After advertising, signs are installed for enforcement. 
 
Section 5-7 Rescinded in its entirety 2009-20 
 
Section 5-8 Use of Guest Parking Permits 
Guest parking permits shall be used only by guests of a Somerville resident on the street 
for which the permit was issued or on an abutting street (within walking distance). The use of a 
guest parking permit by a resident of Somerville on a vehicle in their custody is prohibited and 
will result in the revocation of all guest permits held by such a resident and all other residents of 
their household for one (1) year or until the expiration date of the subject guest permits, at the 
discretion of the Traffic Commission. For the purposes of this regulation, a vehicle is in the 
custody of a resident if such resident is either the registered owner of the vehicle or is the 
authorized operator of the vehicle for more than five (5) days within any thirty (30) day period. 
 
A vehicle parked in a permit parking area displaying one or more guest parking permits is 
in compliance with Section 5-6 for a period not to exceed two days each week, from Monday 
through Saturday unless a time extension is granted by the Traffic Commission. 
 
The Visitor Parking Permit may not be transferred by the resident, remains the property 
of the City of Somerville, and must be surrendered upon request.  Use of the Visitor Permit 
acknowledges agreement to comply with applicable Traffic & Parking regulations relative to the 
use of the Visitor Parking Permit. 
(84-24), (90-10), (97-22). 
 
Section 5-9.1 Parking Meter Locations and Regulations 
Parking is restricted or limited as to time, space, streets and municipal off-street parking 
area on the streets and municipal off-street parking areas designated as Schedule F hereto 
appended to which reference is made and which Schedule F is specifically incorporated in this 
Section.  No person shall park a vehicle for a period of time longer than two hours or as 

--- PAGE 20 ---
5 
hereinafter indicated, between the hours of 8:00 AM and 8:00 PM on any streets hereinafter 
designated in this section or for a period of time longer than three hours or as hereinafter 
indicated, between the hours of 8:00 AM and 10:00 PM in all municipal parking lots in Davis 
Square and Magoun Square. This restriction shall not apply on Sundays or during the hours of 
legal holidays during which business establishments are required by law to remain closed. 
 
In accordance with the foregoing, parking meter zones are hereby established in the streets, parts 
of streets or municipal off-street parking areas listed in Schedule F, hereto appended to which 
reference is made and which Schedule F is specifically incorporated in this section. 
 
(1974-23, 1974-24), (81-10, 81-11), (82-3), (83-6), (84-9), (92-14), (93-15), (94-17, 94-21), (95-
1, 95-15, 95-21, 95-25), (96-87), (97-90), (98-14, 98-42), (99-13) 
 
Section 5-9.2 
The Traffic Director is hereby empowered, with the approval of the Traffic Commission 
and the Mayor, to contract for the acquisition and installation of parking meters provided for by 
this Regulation and to maintain said meters in good workable condition. 
 
Section 5-9.3 
The Director of Traffic & Parking is hereby authorized and directed to install parking 
meters within the areas described in this Regulation or cause the same to be so installed.  The 
meters shall be placed at intervals of not less than 20 feet apart, except that beginning and ending 
spaces may be 18 feet, and not less than 12 inches nor more than 24 inches from the face of the 
curb adjacent to individual meter spaces.  Meters shall be so constructed as to display a signal 
showing legal parking upon the deposit therein of the proper coin or coins of the United States or 
other approved transfer of funds as indicated by instructions on said meters and for such period 
of time as is or shall be indicated by Regulation or meter legend.  Said signal shall remain in 
evidence until expiration of the parking period designated at which time a dropping of a signal 
automatically or some other mechanical operation shall indicate expiration of said parking 
period. 
 
Section 5-9.4 
The Traffic Director is hereby authorized and directed to establish parking meter spaces, 
in such parking meter zones, as are herein specified, or as may be hereafter fixed by Regulation. 
 
Section 5-9.5 
Whenever any vehicle shall be parked adjacent to a parking meter, the owner or operator 
of said vehicle shall park within the space designated by pavement marking lines and, upon 
entering such space shall immediately deposit in said meter the required coin or coins of the 
United States or other approved payment for the maximum legal parking period as indicated or 
shown on the meter and if so required set the mechanism in motion. 
 
The fee for parking meters shall be twenty-five (25) cents for 12 minutes. 
 

--- PAGE 21 ---
6 
It shall be unlawful for any person to deposit or cause to be deposited in a parking meter 
any coin for the purpose of permitting the vehicle of which he is in charge to remain in a parking 
space beyond the maximum period of time allowed in a particular zone. 
 
It shall be unlawful for any person to park a vehicle within a parking meter space unless 
such vehicle is wholly within the painted lines adjacent to such meter. 
 
It shall be unlawful for any unauthorized person to open, tamper with, break, injure or 
destroy any parking meter or to deposit or cause to be deposited in such meter any slugs, device, 
or metallic substance or any other substitute for the coin or coins required. A meter is considered 
broken when none of the forms of payments are being accepted at the meter. 
 
A vehicle shall be allowed to park at a broken meter up to the maximum amount of time 
otherwise permitted as such meter.  
 
Section 5-9.6 
Operators of commercial vehicles may park in a metered space without depositing a coin 
for a period not to exceed 30 minutes for purposes of loading or unloading.  Parking in excess of 
this time limit without depositing the proper coin or coins shall be deemed a violation of the 
provisions of this Regulation. 
 
Section 5-9.7 
The Traffic Director is hereby designated as the person authorized to maintain parking 
meters installed in accordance with this Regulation and to collect therefrom or cause to be 
collected all monies deposited in said meters.  Such monies shall be deposited forthwith by the 
Traffic Director with the City Treasurer, and the City Treasurer shall deposit such monies in a 
separate account to be known as the City of Somerville Parking Meter Account. 
 
Section 5-9.8 
All fees received by the Treasurer of the City of Somerville from the operation and use of 
parking meters shall be used by said Treasurer as authorized by Chapter 442, Acts of the 
Legislature, 1947, and any and all other provisions in the General Laws, and particularly, as 
mentioned in §24R, in accordance with requirements issued by the Director of Accounts of the 
Commonwealth. 
 
Section 5-9.9 
It shall be the duty of the Traffic Director and the Chief of Police of the City of 
Somerville, and all officers of the Police Department to enforce the provisions of this section. 
 
Section 5-9.10 
Nothing in this Parking Meter Regulation shall be construed to prohibit the Traffic 
Commission from making provisions for bus stops, taxicab stands, service zones, as authorized 
by statutes or Regulations on any street or portion thereof which has been or may hereafter be 
designated herein as a parking meter zone. 
 

--- PAGE 22 ---
7 
Section 5-9.11 
Any person who violates any parking provision of this Regulation shall be subject to the 
penalties provided by Chapter 90, §20A of the General Laws and any other violation shall be 
punishable as may be provided by law. 
 
Section 5-9.12 
 No driver, while operating any vehicle owned and bearing indicia of ownership by the 
City of Somerville, State or Federal governments, shall be required to deposit any fee in a 
parking meter as provided in this section. 
 
Section 5-10 Prohibited at Safety Zones 
No driver shall park a vehicle within a safety zone which has been properly posted and 
designated by the Traffic Commission.  Safety zones, for the purposes of this regulation, shall 
include fire lanes and crosswalks. 
 
(a) It shall be unlawful to obstruct or park any vehicle in any fire lane, such fire lane to be 
designated by the Traffic Commission upon the recommendation of the Chief Engineer of the 
Fire Department (or their designee), and marked as such.  The Traffic Commission shall 
designate specific areas as fire lanes when it determines that the safety and welfare of the general 
public will best be served by the implementation of a fire lane. 
 
(b) On public ways within the jurisdiction of the Traffic Commission, fire lanes shall be 
established after due consideration of the effects of such fire lane on public safety and welfare as 
well as parking supply and engineering judgment.  The location of all safety zones is in 
accordance with a schedule of streets designated as Schedule G, hereto appended to which 
reference is made and which Schedule G is specifically incorporated in this section. 
 
(c) It shall be unlawful to obstruct or block a private way with a motor vehicle or other 
means so as to prevent access by fire department apparatus or equipment to any building. 
 
(d) The Traffic Commission hereby establishes fire lanes on private property in any of the 
following places except when necessary to avoid conflict with other traffic or in compliance with 
the direction of a police officer or traffic sign or signal.  The building owner of record shall 
provide, install, and maintain signs and striping to designate said fire lanes in conformance with 
the specifications of these regulations.  Such signage and striping shall meet with the approval of 
the Traffic Director.  
1. Where there is a sidewalk and curbing in front of a building, the area within twelve 
feet from the curbing along the building front of a shopping center, hotel, theatre, school, 
church, hospital, or assembly hall. 
2. Where there are no sidewalks with curbing in front of a building, the area within 
eighteen feet from the building front of a shopping center, hotel, theatre, school, church, 
hospital, or assembly hall. 
 
(e) It shall be unlawful to park a motor vehicle under the cantilever of fire escapes or in such 
a manner as to block exits or passageways to the street or sidewalks, nor to interfere with the 
means of egress from buildings. 

--- PAGE 23 ---
8 
 
(f) If any vehicle is found in violation of any provisions of these rules and regulations and 
the identity of the driver cannot be determined, the owner or the person in whose name such 
vehicle is registered, shall be held prima facie responsible for such violations. 
 
(g) Violations of the provisions of this section shall be enforced by the City of Somerville in 
accordance with the provisions of the General Laws, Chapter 90, §20A, except where uniformed 
security officers are employed by the owners of buildings on private property, in which case said 
security officers may be appointed parking control officers for the purpose of issuing violations 
in accordance with the provisions of the General Laws, Chapter 147, §10F and charged with 
enforcement of this regulation.   
 
(Traffic Ordinance 1982-16, amended by Traffic Regulation 2001-01) 
 
Section 5-11 Bus Stops 
(a) No person shall stop, stand, or park a vehicle, other than a bus under the control of the 
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, within a Massachusetts Bay Transportation 
Authority bus stop, when such stop is designated by signs bearing the legend, "Bus Stop, No 
Stopping" 
 
(b) No person shall park a bus upon any street within a business district at any place other 
than a bus stop when a nearby bus stop is available for use. 
 
(c) The location of all bus stops is in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as 
Schedule A, hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule A is specifically 
incorporated in this section. 
 
Section 5-12 Taxicab Stands 
(a)  No person shall park a vehicle other than a taxicab upon any street within a business 
district in any taxicab stand.   
 
(b)  No person shall park a taxicab upon any street within a business district at any place other 
than the taxicab stand or stands designated for the use of their taxicab or taxicabs. 
 
(c)  The location of all taxicab stands is in accordance with a schedule of streets designated as 
Schedule B, hereto appended to which reference is made and which Schedule B is specifically 
incorporated in this section. 
 
Section 5-13 No stopping, standing or parking near hazardous or congested places 
The Traffic Commission is hereby authorized to determine and designate by proper signs, 
places not exceeding one hundred (100) feet in length in which the stopping, standing or parking 
of vehicles would create an especially hazardous condition or would cause unusual delay to 
traffic. 
 

--- PAGE 24 ---
9 
When official signs are erected at hazardous or congested places as authorized herein, a 
copy of which is placed on file in the office of the Traffic Director, no person shall stop, stand or 
park a vehicle in any such designated area. 
(81-3) 
 
Section 5-14 Commercial vehicles may back to curb or edge of roadway 
Subject to the provisions of Sections 12 through 17 commercial vehicles may be parked 
with both rear wheels to the curb or edge of the roadway while loading or unloading materials, 
provided such parking leaves a clear and unobstructed lane at least ten (10) feet wide for the 
passage of traffic. 
 
Section 5-15 Residential Accessible Parking Program – Approval Procedure 
(a) The City of Somerville Traffic Commission shall have the authority to approve the 
installation of Accessible Permit Parking spaces on various city streets. The approval program 
will be referred to as the Residential Accessible Parking Program (“the Program”). 
(b) The purpose of the Program is to facilitate parking for persons with disabilities in close 
proximity to their home. The Traffic Commission undertakes this Program voluntarily and 
makes no guarantee that it will continue in perpetuity. 
(c) The Traffic Commission will consider requests from residents with disabilities of the City 
of Somerville to designate an accessible parking space on their street. If approved, the space will 
be designated through signage within a reasonable proximity to the applicant’s home. However, 
the applicant will be advised that the space is not for their exclusive use and any person with a 
disability plate or placard may use this space in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
governing parking in accessible spaces. 
(d) The approval of the application will be subject to the following limitations and 
requirements: 
1. Proof of valid Massachusetts Driver’s License. 
2. The applicant must have been issued a disability plate or disability placard by the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles or other duly authorized 
agency acting under the authority of the Commonwealth. 
3. The applicant must be the registered owner of the vehicle to be parked in the 
space. In addition, if the applicant is applying for an accessible space with a placard, they 
must be the individual to whom the placard was issued. The applicant must also 
demonstrate residency at the location for which accessible parking is requested. The 
Traffic Commission may consider applications for members of a person with disability’s 
household, such as the parents of children with disabilities or children of senior adults 
with disabilities. 
4. The applicant must complete an application from the City of Somerville and 
submit it to the Parking Department for review and recommendations to the Traffic 
Commission. (T & P Form 2A, included in Appendix B) 
5. The application must include written verification on Parking Form 2D (included 
in Appendix B) from a licensed health care provider that the applicant’s disability limits 
ambulatory movement. The application must also include verification from the applicant 
or the applicant’s landlord (if applicable) regarding the availability of appropriate off-
street parking. 

--- PAGE 25 ---
10 
6. An engineering study will be performed at the direction of the City Traffic 
Engineer to evaluate the feasibility of designating an accessible parking space in 
accordance with the applicant’s request. The review will consider the most appropriate 
location for the installation, and safety concerns which might arise from the installation, 
impacts on traffic operations, and the number of existing accessible parking spaces in the 
2000 foot grid as shown on the Official City of Somerville Map. Only after an 
engineering study determines that the installation can proceed will the Traffic 
Commission act favorably on an application. 
7. The Traffic Commission will not approve the installation of accessible parking 
spaces when the number of accessible parking spaces will exceed two percent (2%) of the 
available parking inventory in each two thousand square foot grid. 
8. The Traffic Commission will consider correspondence and recommendations 
from the City of Somerville Commission for Persons with Disabilities and/or their 
designee. 
(e) The Traffic Commission will not consider an application until a report is received from 
the City Traffic Engineer and until an application is complete. 
(f) Factors which may result in unfavorable action by the Traffic Commission include, but 
are not limited to: unsafe conditions; existence of adequate off-street parking; false application; 
inadequate documentation from applicant; unreasonable impacts to neighbors and/or traffic 
operations. This list of possible factors for disapproval is not intended to limit the Commission’s 
ability to disapprove an application, and reasons for denial may include reasons not listed above. 
(g) If any individual applicant fails to meet the above stated criteria, they may request a 
waiver in writing setting forth all of the reasons why they believe that a waiver should be 
granted. The Traffic Commission may request additional information or grant or deny the waiver 
request. The Traffic Commission shall only grant a waiver when it finds extraordinary 
circumstances. The Traffic Commission may not grant a waiver when it determines that public 
safety will be adversely affected. 
(h) If the Traffic Commission acts favorably on an application, a new traffic regulation for 
the designated accessible parking space will be adopted and advertised in accordance with 
applicable local and state requirements. 
(i) Once the advertising period for a new traffic regulation has passed, the designated 
accessible parking space will be installed and enforced by the Parking Department and any other 
agency having jurisdiction to enforce such regulation. 
(j) The Traffic Commission, through the Parking Department, will periodically review the 
continued need for a designated accessible parking space. Every two years, the applicant will be 
required to verify that they continue to reside at the location where the accessible parking space 
has been designated. In addition, they will be required to verify that the conditions that led to the 
Traffic Commission’s previous approval of a designated space are still in existence. For 
applicants with disability placards, the applicant must submit a photocopy of a valid placard 
issued by the Registry of Motor Vehicles. A new health care provider’s verification may be 
required if the condition which led to approval was not a permanent condition. Applicants will be 
notified by the Parking Department when renewal is required and will be advised as to what 
documentation must be submitted for renewal. 
(k) In the case of renewal applications, if the Parking Department finds that the designated 
space is still required, then no action is required on the part of the Traffic Commission and the 
designated space will remain. If the Parking Department determines that a space is no longer 

--- PAGE 26 ---
11 
required, the City Traffic Engineer will recommend that the Traffic Commission strike the 
previously adopted traffic regulation which corresponds with the designated accessible parking 
space. If the Traffic Commission votes to strike the traffic regulation pertaining to a designated 
accessible parking space, the Parking Department will remove the traffic control devices 
designating the space as soon as the advertising period has elapsed. 
(l) In the event of the applicant’s death, or if the applicant relocates from the residence 
where the designated accessible parking space has been provided, the traffic regulation will 
automatically expire. In such a case, the Parking Department will remove the traffic control 
devices designating the parking space as soon as they are notified of the change in status. 
(m) The Director of Parking, with consultation of the ADA Coordinator, has been designated 
with the authority to make reasonable modifications to the residential accessible parking 
program under the Americans with Disabilities Act 
 
 
Section 5-16 Parking for Persons with Disabilities in Parking Lots 
(a) Any person that has lawful control of a public or private way or of improved or enclosed 
property used as off-street parking areas for businesses, shopping malls, theaters, auditoriums, 
sporting or recreational facilities, cultural centers, residential dwellings, or for any other place 
where the public has a right of access as invitees or licensees, shall reserve parking spaces in said 
off-street parking areas for any vehicle owned and operated by a veteran with disability or person 
with disability whose vehicle bears the distinguishing license plate authorized by Chapter 90, §2 
of the General Laws, according to the following formula: 
 
(b) If the number of parking spaces in any such area is more than fifteen but not more than 
twenty-five, one parking space; more than twenty-five but not more than forty, five percent of 
such spaces but not less than two; more than forty but not more than one hundred, four per cent 
of such spaces but not less than three; more than one hundred but not more than two hundred, 
three per cent of such spaces but not less than four; more than two hundred but not more than 
five hundred, two per cent of such spaces but not less than six; more than five hundred but not 
more than one thousand, one and one-half per cent of such spaces but not less than ten; more 
than one thousand but not more than two thousand, one per cent of such spaces but not less than 
fifteen; more than two thousand but less than five thousand, three-fourths of one per cent of such 
spaces but not less than twenty; and more than five thousand, one-half of one percent of such 
spaces but not less than thirty. 
 
(c) Parking spaces designated as reserved under the provisions of paragraph (a) shall be 
identified by the use of above grade signs with white lettering against a blue background and 
shall bear the words "Reserved Parking: Special Plate Required. Unauthorized Vehicles May be 
Removed at Owner's Expense"; shall be as near as possible to a building entrance or walkway; 
shall be adjacent to curb ramps or other unobstructed methods permitting sidewalk access to a 
person with disability; and shall be twelve feet wide or two eight-foot wide areas with four feet 
of cross hatch between them. 
 
(d) The leaving of unauthorized vehicles within parking spaces designated for use by 
veterans with disabilities or persons with disabilities as authorized by paragraph (a) or in such a 

--- PAGE 27 ---
12 
manner as to obstruct a curb ramp designed for use by persons with disabilities as a means of 
egress to a street or public way is hereby prohibited. 
 
(e) Section C of this regulation may be enforceable by the City of Somerville under the 
Provisions of Chapter 90, §20A of the General Laws. 
 
(f) The person who has lawful control of such way or property is authorized to tow or 
otherwise remove vehicles parked in violation of this regulation consistent with Chapter 90 §20D 
of the General Laws. 
 
Section 5-17 Parking and standing of authorized emergency vehicles. 
The provisions of these rules and regulations governing the parking and standing of 
vehicles shall not apply to authorized emergency vehicles, as herein defined, while the same are 
being used in the performance of a public duty. 
  

--- PAGE 28 ---
1 
ARTICLE VI 
ONE WAY STREETS 
 
Section 6-1 One-way streets 
 The streets or portions thereof designated in Schedule I hereto appended and specifically 
incorporated in this section are declared to be one-way streets and all vehicular traffic shall move 
on those streets or portions thereof in the directions designated in said Schedule I. 
 
Section 6-2 Rotary Traffic 
 Within the area set forth below vehicular traffic shall move only in a rotary counter-
clockwise direction except when otherwise directed by an officer. 
 
Section 6-3 Do not enter regulations 
No person operating a vehicle shall enter the streets listed in Schedule K to proceed in the 
indicated direction from the indicated intersecting streets at the indicated times.  Official traffic 
signs shall be erected and maintained on the streets where entry is restricted facing the traffic 
which would enter in the restricted direction. 
 
 This Section applies to the streets listed in Schedule K, hereto appended to which 
reference is made and which Schedule K is specifically incorporated in this section. 
 

--- PAGE 29 ---
1 
ARTICLE VII 
OPERATION OF VEHICLES 
(CHAPTER 89 OF THE GENERAL LAWS GOVERNS) 
 
Section 7-1 Overtake Only When There is a Space Ahead 
The driver of a vehicle shall not overtake and pass a vehicle proceeding in the same 
direction unless there is sufficient clear space ahead on the right side of the roadway except that 
on a one-way street drivers shall not be restricted to the use of the right half of the roadway, but 
may have access to the entire width thereof, to permit the overtaking to be completed without 
impeding the safe operation of any vehicle ahead. 
 
Section 7-2 Driver to Give Way to Overtaking Vehicle 
The driver of a vehicle when about to be overtaken and passed by another vehicle 
approaching from the rear shall give way to the right in favor of the overtaking vehicle on 
suitable and visible signal being given by the driver of the overtaking vehicle, and shall not 
increase the speed of their vehicle until completely passed by the overtaking vehicle. 
 
Section 7-3 Obstructing Traffic 
(a) No person shall drive in such a manner as to obstruct unnecessarily the normal movement 
of traffic on any street or highway.  Officers are hereby authorized to require any driver who fails 
to comply with this section to drive to the side of the roadway and wait until such traffic as has 
been delayed has passed. 
 
(b) No driver shall enter an intersection or a marked crosswalk unless there is sufficient 
space on the other side of the intersection or crosswalk and on the right half of the roadway to 
accommodate the vehicle he is operating without obstructing the passage of other vehicles or 
pedestrians notwithstanding any traffic control signal indication to proceed, except that on a one-
way street drivers shall not be restricted to the use of the right half of the roadway, but may have 
access to the entire width thereof, beyond the intersection or crosswalk, if such is available. 
 
(c) No operator shall exchange the streetcar, trackless trolley or motor coach under their 
charge with any other operator while upon any public street, except when said streetcar, trackless 
trolley or motor coach is disabled, or when some emergency arises over which the operator of 
said street car, trackless trolley or motor coach has no control. 
 
Section 7-4 Drive within marked lanes 
When any roadway has been divided into lanes, a driver of a vehicle shall drive so as to 
be entirely within a single lane and shall not move from the land in which he is driving until he 
has first ascertained if such movement can be made with safety. 
 
Section 7-5 Drive on right side of street 
Except on one-way streets, or where signs have been erected to the contrary, or when 
overtaking and passing another vehicle, the driver of a vehicle shall drive the same on the right 
half of the roadway and shall drive a slow-moving vehicle as closely as possible to the right-hand 
edge or curb of the roadway unless it is impracticable to travel on such side of street. 
 

--- PAGE 30 ---
2 
Section 7-6 Overtaking other vehicles 
A driver of a vehicle shall not overtake and pass any other vehicle proceeding in the same 
direction at any intersection of streets, except that this provision shall not apply at intersections 
where traffic is controlled by official traffic control signals or by police officers. 
 
Section 7-7 Following Too Closely 
 The driver of a vehicle shall not follow another vehicle more closely than is reasonable 
and prudent, having due regard to the speed of such vehicle and the traffic upon and condition of 
the street or highway. 
 
Section 7-8 Clinging to Moving Vehicles 
 It shall be unlawful for any person traveling upon a bicycle, motorcycle, coaster, sled, 
roller skates, or any toy vehicle to cling to, or attach themself or their vehicle to any moving 
vehicle or streetcar upon any roadway. 
 
Section 7-9 Care in starting, stopping, turning, or backing 
The driver of any vehicle before starting, stopping, turning from a direct line or backing 
shall first see that such movement can be made with safety.  If such movement cannot be made 
in safety or if it interferes unduly with the normal movement of other traffic, said driver shall 
wait for a more favorable opportunity to make such movement. 
 
 If the operation of another vehicle should be affected by a stopping or turning movement, 
the driver of such other vehicle shall be given a plainly visible signal as required by state law. 
 
Section 7-10 Prohibited Turning Movements 
 Drivers shall not make turns on the streets listed in Schedule M, hereto appended to 
which reference is made and which Schedule M is specifically incorporated in this section. 
 
Section 7-11 Mandatory Turning Movements 
 Drivers shall proceed only by making a turn at the locations listed in Schedule N, hereto 
appended to which reference is made and which Schedule N is specifically incorporated in this 
section. 
 
Section 7-12 U-Turns Prohibited 
No operator shall back or turn a vehicle so as to proceed in the direction opposite to that 
in which said vehicle is headed or traveling on the streets listed in Schedule L, hereto appended 
to which reference is made and which Schedule L is specifically incorporated in this section. 
 
Section 7-13 Backing around corners or into intersections prohibited 
No driver of any vehicle shall back such vehicle around a corner at an intersection, or 
into an intersection of streets. 
 
Section 7-14 Dangerous Vehicles 
No person shall operate any vehicle in such condition or so constructed or so loaded as to 
be likely to cause delay in traffic, or accident or injury to persons or property. 
 

--- PAGE 31 ---
3 
Section 7-15 Persons propelling pushcarts or riding bicycles or animals to obey traffic 
regulations 
Every person propelling any pushcart or riding a bicycle or an animal on a public street 
shall be subject to the provisions of these regulations applicable to the driver of any vehicle. 
 
Section 7-16 Emerging from a private driveway 
The operator of a vehicle emerging from an alley, driveway or a garage shall stop such 
vehicle immediately prior to driving on to a sidewalk or on to the sidewalk area extending across 
any alleyway or driveway before proceeding. 
 
Section 7-17 Unlawful Riding 
It shall be unlawful for any reason to ride on any portion of a vehicle not designated or 
intended for the use of passengers when the vehicle is in motion.  This provision shall not apply 
to any employee engaged in the necessary discharge of a duty or within truck bodies in space 
intended for merchandise. 
 
It shall be unlawful for any person to stand in the roadway for the purpose of soliciting a 
ride from the operator of any motor vehicle. 
 
Section 7-18 Obedience to traffic control signals 
Colors and arrow indications in traffic control signals shall have the commands ascribed 
to them in this section, and no other meanings, and every driver of a vehicle, railway car or other 
conveyance shall comply therewith except when otherwise directed by an officer or by a lawful 
traffic regulating sign other than a “stop” sign, signal, or device or except as provided in (the 
section dealing with funerals in Section 7). 
 
In no case shall a driver enter or proceed through an intersection without due regard for 
the safety of other persons within the intersection, regardless of what indications may be given 
by traffic control signals. 
 
(a) Green indications shall have the following meanings: 
1. Drivers facing a CIRCULAR GREEN signal may proceed through or turn right or 
left unless a sign at such place prohibits either such turn.  But drivers turning right or left 
shall yield the right of way other vehicles, and to pedestrians lawfully within the 
intersection or an adjacent crosswalk, at the time such signal was exhibited.   
2. Drivers facing a GREEN ARROW, shown alone or in combination with another 
indication, may cautiously enter the intersection only to make the movement indicated by 
such arrow, or such other movements as is permitted by other indications shown at the 
same time.  Such drivers shall yield the right of way to pedestrians lawfully within an 
adjacent crosswalk and to other traffic lawfully using the intersection. 
 
(b) Steady yellow indications shall have the following meanings: 
1. Drivers facing a steady CIRCULAR YELLOW or YELLOW ARROW signal are 
thereby warned that the related green movement is being terminated or that a red 
indication will be exhibited immediately thereafter when drivers shall not enter the 
intersection. 

--- PAGE 32 ---
4 
 
(c) Steady red indications shall have the following meanings: 
1. Drivers, facing a steady CIRCULAR RED signal and NO TURN ON RED SIGN 
shall stop at a clearly marked stop line, but if none, before entering the crosswalk on the 
near side of the intersection, or if none, then before entering the intersection and shall 
remain standing until an indication to proceed is shown except as provided in (b) below. 
2. When no sign is in place prohibiting a right turn, or a left turn from a one way 
street to another one way street, drivers facing a steady CIRCULAR RED signal may 
cautiously enter the intersection to make the right turn, or left turn from a one way street 
to another one way street, after stopping as provided in (a) above.  Such drivers shall 
yield the right-of-way to pedestrians lawfully within an adjacent crosswalk and to other 
traffic lawfully using the intersection. Right hand turns on red are prohibited at the 
locations listed in Schedule J, hereto appended to which reference is made and which 
Schedule J is specifically incorporated in this section. 
3. Drivers, facing a steady RED ARROW indication may not enter the intersection 
to make the movement indicated by such arrow, and unless entering the intersection to 
make such other movement as is permitted by other indications shown at the same time, 
shall stop at a clearly marked stop line, but if none, before entering the crosswalk on the 
near side of the intersection, or if none, then before entering the intersection and shall 
remain standing until an indication to make the movement indicated by such arrow is 
shown. 
 
(d) WALK and DON’T WALK indications (and/or the corresponding international symbols) 
have the following meaning: 
1. While the steady WALK indication is illuminated, pedestrians may enter a 
crosswalk controlled by such indication.  Drivers shall yield the right-of-way to any 
pedestrian crossing when this indication is displayed.  While the Flashing DON’T 
WALK indication is illuminated, pedestrians shall not leave the curb and enter the 
crosswalk, however, any pedestrian already in the crosswalk at the time that this 
indication is displayed may continue to cross to the opposing curb.  While the steady 
DON’T WALK indication is illuminated, it shall be unlawful for a pedestrian to enter an 
intersection controlled by such indication.  The enforcement and penalty for violating this 
provision shall be as specified in Chapter 89, §8 of the General Laws. 
 
(e) Flashing signal indications shall have the following meanings:  
1. Flashing red (stop signal) – When a read lens is illuminated with rapid 
intermittent flashes, drivers of vehicles shall stop at a clearly marked stop line, but if 
none, before entering the crosswalk on the near side of the intersection, or if none, then at 
the point nearest the intersecting roadway where the drivers has a view of approaching 
traffic on the intersecting roadway before entering the intersection, and the right to 
proceed shall be subject to the provisions of Chapter 89, §8 of the General Laws.  
2. Flashing Yellow (caution signal) – When a yellow lens is illuminated with rapid 
intermittent flashes, drivers of vehicles may proceed through the intersection or pass such 
signal only with caution. 
 
 

--- PAGE 33 ---
5 
 
 
Section 7-19 Stop Signs, Yield Signs, Through Ways 
(a) For Stop Signs 
 In accordance with the provisions of Chapter 89, §9 of the General Laws, the streets 
listed in Schedule O of these rules and orders are hereby declared to constitute stop streets or 
flashing red signal intersections as the case may be, and said Schedule O is hereto appended to 
which reference is made and which Schedule O is specifically incorporated in this section. 
 
(b) For Through Ways 
 In accordance with the provisions of Chapter 89, §9 of the General Laws, the following 
way is hereby designated as a through way: 
 
Broadway, from Charlestown-Somerville Line to easterly side of Monsignor McGrath 
Highway and from westerly side of said Monsignor McGrath Highway to the Arlington-
Somerville Line. 
 
(c) For Yield Signs 
 In accordance with the provisions of Chapter 89, §9 of the General Laws, the following 
way is hereby designated as a yield at the intersection indicated: 
 
Northbound drivers on Cutter Avenue turning west at Highland Avenue. 
(74-23, 74-24, 74-26) 
 
Section 7-20 No Driving on Sidewalks 
The driver of a vehicle shall not drive upon any sidewalk except at a permanent or 
temporary driveway. 
 
Section 7-21 No Driving Through Safety Zones 
It shall be unlawful for the driver of a vehicle, except on signal from a police officer to 
drive the same over or through a safety zone. 
 
Section 7-22 Keep to the Right of Roadway Division 
 Upon such roadways as are divided by a parkway, grass plot, reservation, viaduct, 
subway or by any structure or area, drivers shall keep to the right of such a division except when 
otherwise directed by an officer, signs, signals, or markings. 
 
Section 7-23 Operation of Under- or Overpasses at Intersection with Islands 
 At any junction or crossing of ways where the roadway grades have been separated and 
where the ways are connected by ramps and at any intersection of ways in which there are traffic 
islands, drivers of vehicles shall proceed only as indicated by official signs, signals or markings. 
 
Section 7-24 Driving on Road Surfaces Under Construction or Repair 
 No operator shall enter upon a road surface of any street or highway or section thereof, 
when, by reason of construction, surface treatment, maintenance or the like, or because of some 
unprotected hazard, such road surface of the street or highway is not to be used or when so 

--- PAGE 34 ---
6 
advised by an officer, watchman, member of a street or highway crew or employees of the city, 
either audibly or by signals. 
 
Section 7-25 Funerals to be Properly Identified 
 A funeral composed entirely or partly of a procession of vehicles shall be identified as 
such by means of black pennants bearing a purple symbol attached to both the first and last 
vehicles or other suitable means. 
 
Section 7-26 Right and Duties of Drivers in Funerals and Other Processions 
(a) It shall be the duty of each driver in a funeral or other procession to keep as near to the 
right edge of the roadway as is feasible and to follow the vehicle ahead as closely as practicable 
and safe. 
(b) At an intersection where a traffic control signal is operating the driver of the first vehicle 
in a funeral or other procession shall be the only one required to stop for a red and/or yellow 
indication. 
(c) At an intersection where a lawful Stop sign exists, the driver of the first vehicle in a 
funeral or other procession shall be the only one required to stop before proceeding through the 
intersection. 
 
Section 7-27 Operation of Heavy Commercial Vehicles 
(a) The use and operation of heavy commercial vehicles having a carrying capacity of more 
than 2 ½ tons, are hereby restricted on the streets listed in Schedule P, and in the manner outlined 
and during the period of time set forth. 
(b) No person shall park or stand a trailer or semi-trailer as defined in G.L. ch. 90 sec.1, or a 
so called dolly device which is used to move a tandem semi-trailer, on any public way, unless 
such trailer or semi-trailer or dolly device is properly attached to a motor vehicle which can 
lawfully move said trailer, semi-trailer, or dolly device.   
(c) The standing or parking of any commercial vehicle (2 axles or less) and the standing or 
parking of any heavy commercial vehicle (3 axles or more) between the hours of 12:00 AM and 
6:00 AM on any day on any part of any street, way, highway, road or parkway under the control 
of the city is prohibited.  Except that a special permit may be issued to School Van vehicles that 
are registered in Somerville with Massachusetts Pupil license plates and operated by Somerville 
residents provided there is no off street parking available.  There is a limit of 1 exemption permit 
issued per household.  Applications to apply for this exemption permit are available at the Traffic 
and Parking Office.  Permits will be issued upon verification and approval of the application.  
Non-Commercial permits will be issued to vehicles that are registered in Somerville and carry a 
personal use only insurance policy and that have no business lettering or logo.  To obtain this 
permit, a resident must present their current valid Massachusetts registration showing their 
Somerville address, a current utility bill or apartment lease, the coverage selection page from 
their insurance policy showing that the vehicle is insured for personal use only, and they must 
bring their vehicle to the office for verification that it bears no business lettering or logo.   Zip 
Cars are exempt from this regulation. 
(81-13), (86-3), (88-1) 
(d) No person shall drive or park any vehicle designated or used primarily for the purposes of 
advertising on any street in Somerville without a license from the City Council. 

--- PAGE 35 ---
7 
(e) Exemptions – Parts a-d of this Section shall not apply to heavy commercial vehicles 
going to or coming from places upon said streets for the purpose of making deliveries of goods, 
materials or merchandise to or similar collections from abutting land or buildings or adjoining 
streets or ways to which access cannot otherwise be gained; or to vehicles used in connection 
with the construction, maintenance, and repair of said streets or public utilities therein; or to 
Federal, State, Municipal or public service corporation owned vehicles. 
 
 

--- PAGE 36 ---
1 
ARTICLE VIII 
TEMPORARY TRAFFIC CONTROL 
 
Section 8-1 Authority 
 The Traffic Commission delegates to the Traffic Director (or their designee) sole 
authority to regulate, approve, and direct the implementation of traffic control devices for work 
zones and events on ways under the control of the Somerville Traffic Commission.  All work 
zones and temporary traffic control devices shall be established and maintained in accordance 
with 23 CFR Parts 630 and 655 - the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD), 
most recent edition; and Chapter 85 of the General Laws, including any and all amendments or 
errata issued by duly empowered officials; Title 454 CMR c. 10; and DTE Regulation 98.22. 
 
Section 8-2 Definitions 
 The following definitions of common terms apply to this Article. 
 
Work zone – any workspace established on a public way by an entity performing construction or 
related activities. The term work zone shall apply to those workspaces that are either legally or 
illegally conducted by all parties. 
 
Event – any activity approved by the City to be conducted within a public way, including block 
parties, charity events, road races, parades, and other activities not related to construction 
activities. 
 
Traffic Control Plans – any combination of engineered plans, typical drawings, specifications, 
and/or contract documents meeting the approval of the Traffic Director and used for the purpose 
of implementing temporary traffic control requirements related to work zones and events as 
defined in this regulation. 
 
Proponent – any individual, agent, or entity that requires authorization to occupy all or portions 
of a public way on a temporary basis for the purpose of construction or for an event. 
 
Workzone Traffic Inspector – Any individual designated by the Traffic Director to inspect 
work zones for adherence to approved traffic management plans. The qualifications to be 
designated a Workzone Traffic Inspector include employment by the City and certification as a 
Work Zone Safety Specialist by the International Municipal Signal Association. 
 
Temporary Parking Restrictions – Parking restrictions intended to be in effect for less than 
five working days that are required to perform emergency or scheduled work in a public way. 
 
Section 8-3 Travel Lane and Sidewalk Closures More than Eight Hours 
 
(a) Scope - Any proponent who requires authorization to close an entire street for any length 
of time, or a travel lane or a sidewalk for more than eight hours, on a public way on a temporary 
basis for the purpose of construction or for an event shall obtain the express approval of the 
Traffic Director. For roadway closures requiring City Council approval, the signature of the 
traffic director (or designee) on the City Council’s “Public Property Occupancy Permit 

--- PAGE 37 ---
2 
Application”, as may be conditioned, shall suffice to satisfy this requirement.  For work under 
this section arising under the authority of a street opening permit issued by the City of 
Somerville Department of Public Works, the work shall be approved by the Traffic Director 
prior to implementation in accordance with the terms prescribed on the back of the permit.  All 
other work arising under this section shall be performed with the express approval of the Traffic 
Director as further described in this Article. Such approval shall only constitute an endorsement 
of the proponent’s proposed traffic management plan and is not intended to replace the approval 
of other duly authorized bodies of the City, including the City Council and the Department of 
Public Works. 
 
(b) Procedure - The following procedure is required for proponents seeking approval of their 
work zones arising under this section. The Traffic Director may waive all or part of this 
requirement. 
 
1. For work lasting less than two days, the Traffic Director shall be notified and the 
proponent shall utilize typical traffic management details unless a road closure is 
required.  
 
2. Except in the case of emergencies, each proponent requiring the occupation of a 
travel lane (for more than two days) or the complete closure of a street, shall file a 
proposed traffic management plan required under this section with the Traffic & 
Parking Department as soon as practical prior to the date of the proposed 
construction.  
 
3. Once a traffic management plan has been implemented, it shall be the proponent’s 
responsibility that the work zone or event area is maintained in accordance with 
the approved plan.  Failure to maintain the plan as approved or in an unsafe 
manner shall result in the termination of approval to operate the plan. 
 
4.  Each proponent shall secure the services of Police Details as specified in the plan, 
if required. The Chief of Police (or their designee) shall direct the police details in 
a manner consistent with the approved traffic management plans and Article 2 of 
these Regulations. 
 
5. Where conflicts arise between these regulations and DTE Regulation 98.22, the 
DTE regulations will govern. 
 
Section 8-4 Routine Work Not Arising Under Section 8-3  
 Where work is proposed which will not require the expressed approval of the Traffic 
Director as described in Section 8-3, typical traffic management plans issued by the Traffic & 
Parking Department shall govern the operation of work zones. The Traffic Management Plans 
will be made available at the Traffic & Parking Department, the Department of Public Works, 
and the Police Department. For street opening permits issued by the Department of Public 
Works, operation of the typical traffic management plans will serve to satisfy the terms 
prescribed on the back of the permit unless otherwise included in Section 8-3. 
 

--- PAGE 38 ---
3 
Section 8-5 Emergency Work 
Emergencies arising under this section shall be reported to the Traffic Director as soon as 
possible after the emergency is declared. 
 
(a) During emergencies requiring a response on the part of a utility regulated by the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Telecommunications and Energy (DTE), pre-
approved traffic management plans may be used in lieu of proposed traffic management plans. 
The authorized representative of affected utilities shall have the authority to declare such 
emergencies as required.   
 
(b) Under emergency conditions, representatives of the City of Somerville Departments of 
Public Works, Traffic & Parking, Police and Fire shall establish work zones consistent with 
typical traffic management plans provided by the Traffic & Parking Department to the extent 
possible under the circumstances 
 
Section 8-6 Technical Requirements 
 All work zones shall be designed to comply with the standards prescribed by 23 CFR Part 
655 as specified in the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD), most recent 
edition, including all errata and amendments issued by the United States Department of 
Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts 
Highway Department.  The following additional requirements apply. 
 
(a) Traffic Management Plans submitted for the approval of a work zone arising under 
Section 8-3 must be stamped by a Professional Engineer registered in Traffic Engineering by the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, or a registered Civil Engineer with certification by the 
Institute of Transportation Engineers as a Professional Traffic Operations Engineer. The Traffic 
Director may waive all or part of this requirement depending on the complexity of the proposed 
work zone. 
 
(b) All signs and pavement markings used in conjunction with work zones must comply with 
the MUTCD. Specific attention is directed to the requirements set forth in Part 6 of this 
document. No waivers of this requirement are authorized. 
 
(c) The Traffic Director, the City Traffic Engineer, or other authorized designee must 
approve all temporary parking restrictions. Requests for temporary parking restrictions will be 
evaluated by the Department of Traffic & Parking based on their potential impact to commerce, 
traffic flow, and public safety. The Traffic Director shall have the authority to approve a request 
as submitted, alter the request and approve it, or deny the request outright. Temporary parking 
restrictions shall have the full force of law. 
 
(d) Temporary parking restrictions in areas where parking meters are not in effect shall be 
implemented through the posting of signs provided by the Traffic & Parking Department. Such 
parking restrictions shall only be valid if they specify the dates and times the restrictions are in 
effect and are posted 48 hours in advance of the desired restrictions. The signs must be affixed to 
a public appurtenance such as a street sign or meter post, or a sawhorse or traffic barrel provided 

--- PAGE 39 ---
4 
by the City or the proponent. The signs must be maintained in a completely legible fashion and 
must be free of debris, dirt or obstruction. 
 
(e) Temporary parking restrictions at parking meters shall be implemented through the 
“bagging” of meters by Traffic & Parking staff. The bagging will be performed no earlier than 
one hour before the desired restrictions are to take effect. Requests must be received no later than 
48 hours in advance of the requested bagging. 
 
(f) A charge commensurate with the cost incurred by the City must be paid to the 
Department of Traffic & Parking for meter bagging and the provision of temporary parking 
restriction signs. 
 
(g) Where appropriate, the Traffic & Parking Department may provide a proponent with 
“typical” traffic management plans to facilitate simple requests.  The typical plans do not relieve 
the proponent from exercising good judgment in implementing the plan and applying the plan to 
specific situations.  In these cases, the proponent may be required to sign an acknowledgement 
that they understand the use of the typical traffic management plan and can apply it to their 
situation. 
 
(h) The design and operation of work zones under the provisions of this Article shall be the 
responsibility of the proponent. 
 
Section 8-7 Enforcement 
 The proponent for any work zone which is not operated in accordance with approved 
traffic management plan will be informed as soon as possible that the approval of the Traffic 
Director has been revoked and that all work in the public way must cease and desist 
immediately. Spot corrections ordered by the Traffic Director (or designee) shall be immediately 
implemented. Such action may be taken by the Traffic Director, the City Traffic Engineer, a 
Work Zone Traffic Inspector from the Traffic & Parking Department, Chief of Police (or their 
designee), or the Commissioner of Public Works (or their designee). The Traffic Director may 
authorize the work to recommence after the proponent demonstrates compliance with the 
requirements set forth in the approved traffic management plan. 
 

--- PAGE 40 ---
1 
ARTICLE IX 
ACCIDENT REPORTS 
 
Section 9-1 Drivers Must Report Accidents 
Every person operating a motor vehicle which is in any manner involved in an accident in 
which any person is killed or injured or, in which there is damage in excess of one thousand 
dollars ($1,000.00) to any one vehicle or other property, shall report such accident within five (5) 
days to the Registrar and to the Police Department in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 
90, Section 26, of the General Laws.

--- PAGE 41 ---
1 
ARTICLE X 
TOWING AND TOWING ZONES 
Section 10-1  In general 
In accordance with the provisions of Chapter 40, §22D of the General Laws of 
Massachusetts, as most recently added by Chapter 322 of the Acts of 1961, the Traffic 
Commission of the City of Somerville hereby enacts the following regulations authorizing the 
removal to a convenient place of vehicles parked or standing in any manner, or in such areas as 
are hereinafter described on any way under the control of the City of Somerville.  Vehicles 
specifically exempt by Chapter 40, §22D shall not however be subject to such removal. 
 
Section 10-2 Authorization of police 
The moving or towing of any vehicle under the provisions of this Article shall be at the 
direction of the Chief of Police or such other officers of the rank of Sergeant or higher in the 
Police Department as he may from time to time designate. 
(1969-12) 
 
Section 10-3 Fees 
The Traffic Commission hereby imposes upon the owner of any vehicle moved or towed 
to a convenient place, under the provisions of this Article, the following fees: 
 
(a) Removal or Towing Fee: not to exceed that which is provided in or as authorized by 
Statute Law. 
 
(b) Storage Fees: not to exceed that which is provided in or as authorized by State Law. 
 
Section 10-4 Liability for Damage During Removal or Storage 
The contractor shall be liable to the owner for any damage arising out of negligence 
caused to a vehicle in the course of removal or storage. 
 
Section 10-5 General prohibition towing zones 
No person shall stand or park or allow, permit or suffer any vehicle registered in their 
name to stand or park in any of the following places or in any way in violation of the provisions 
of section 5-1 (a) through (r).  Vehicles found in violation of the provisions of this Section or 
section 5-1except those specifically exempt by law, shall be removed to a convenient place under 
the direction of an officer of the Police Department and the owner of the vehicle so removed or 
towed away shall be liable to the cost of such removal and storage, if any, as set forth in Section 
10-3 of this Article.  The owner of any vehicle removed or towed away under the provisions of 
this Section shall also be subject to the penalties provided as authorized by Chapter 90, §20A of 
the General Laws. 
 
(a) Upon any way in such a manner as to impede the removal or plowing of snow or ice 
except vehicles parked in accordance with approved regulations governing all night parking. 
 
(b) Upon any sidewalk. 
 
(c) Upon or within 20ft of any crosswalk. 

--- PAGE 42 ---
2 
 
(d) Upon any way within twenty feet of an intersecting way except alleys. 
 
(e) Upon any way within ten feet of a fire hydrant. 
 
(f) On the roadway side of any vehicle stopped or parked at the edge or the curb of the way. 
 
(g) In front or within two (2) feet of a public or private driveway. 
 
(h) Upon any way where the parking of a vehicle will not leave a clear and unobstructed lane 
at least twelve feet wide for passing traffic. 
 
(i) Upon any way for a period of time exceeding twenty-four consecutive hours, whether the 
vehicle is disabled or not and preparations are being made by the owner or operator for its 
removal. 
 
(j) Upon the roadway where parking is permitted unless both wheels on the side of the 
vehicle adjacent to the curb are within one (1) foot of the curb or edge of the roadway and 
headed in the direction of traffic except where angle parking is permitted or commercial vehicles 
are backed to the curb. 
 
(k) At a Bus Stop which is so designated by official traffic signs and official street markings. 
 
(l) Upon any street or part thereof on the days and during the hours indicated, where signs 
have been erected by order of the Superintendent of Highways for the purpose of facilitating the 
cleaning of streets. 
 
(m) Occupying or obstructing any parking spaces designated as reserved for vehicles owned 
and operated by veterans with disabilities or persons with disabilities; any violation of this 
regulation shall be punished by a fine of $200.00. 
 
(n) In such a manner as to obstruct a curb ramp designed for use by persons with disabilities 
as a means of egress to a street or public way; any violation of this regulation shall be punished 
by a fine of $200.00. 
 
(o) Loading zones which are properly designated by official traffic signs which state "Tow 
Zone". 
 
(p) On or adjacent to a safety island, median island or safety zone. 
 
(q) Alongside or opposite any street excavation or obstruction when parking obstructs traffic. 
 
(r) On any railroad tracks. 
 
(s) Upon any bridge or other elevated structure or within a highway tunnel. 
 

--- PAGE 43 ---
3 
(t) Upon or within an alley or private way in such a manner or under such conditions as to 
leave available less than ten (10) feet of the width of the roadway for the free movement of 
vehicular traffic, or in such position as to block the driveway entrance to any abutting property. 
 
(u) Hazardous or congested locations which are properly designated by official traffic signs 
which state "No Stopping Tow Zone". 
 
(v) These locations are listed in Schedule R, hereto appended to which reference is made and 
which Schedule R is specifically incorporated in this section. 
 
(w) Occupying or obstructing any parking space without a Business Permit within a parking 
lot designated as “Business Permit Parking” and designated by official traffic signs which state 
“Tow Zone Business Permit Parking.”   
 
(x)Upon any Bicycle Lane 
 
Section 10-6 Posted Prohibition Towing Zones - General 
No person shall stand or park or allow, permit or suffer any vehicle registered in their 
name to stand or park on any of the ways or parts of ways hereinafter described and listed as 
“Tow Zone” in Schedule C and during the periods of time set forth.  Vehicles found in violation 
of the provisions of this Section except those specifically exempted by law shall be removed to a 
convenient place under the direction of an officer of the Police Department and the owner of the 
vehicle so removed, or towed away, shall be liable to the cost of such removal and storage, if 
any, as set forth in Section 10-3 of this Article.  The owner of any vehicle removed or towed 
away under the provisions of this Section shall also be subject to the penalties provided in 
Chapter 90, §20A of the General Laws. 
 
Section 10-7Official Traffic Signs 
 The provisions of Section 10-6 shall be effective only during such time as a sufficient 
number of official traffic signs bearing the legend TOW-AWAY ZONE are installed, erected, 
maintained and located so as to be visible to approaching drivers, said signs to be appended 
above or incorporated into the legend of Parking Prohibition Signs. 
 
Section 10-8 Police to keep record of towed vehicles 
The Police Department shall keep a record of all vehicles towed or removed under the 
provisions of this Article.  Such record shall be retained for one (1) year and shall contain the 
following information: 
 
(a) The registration of the vehicle. 
(b) The location from which it was towed, and the time and date of the tow order. 
(c) The location to which it was towed. 
(d) The fee charged for towing. 
(e) The name of the towing contractor. 
(f) Name and rank of the officer who authorized the towing. 
(1969-12) 
 

--- PAGE 44 ---
4 
Section 10-9 Vehicles Exempted 
(a) Those owned by the Commonwealth or a political subdivision of the Commonwealth. 
(b) Those owned by the United States Government. 
(c) Those registered to a member of a foreign diplomatic corps or by a foreign consular 
officer who is not a citizen of the United States provided that the vehicle bears a conspicuous 
number plate or is otherwise conspicuously marked as so owned or registered. 
(1969-12) 
 
Section 10-10 Snow emergency tow zone 
Further subject to being towed or removed and other penalties, as set forth in Section 10-
5 of this Article X, shall be any vehicle upon any way in violation of the following: 
 
If it is the judgment of the Commissioner of Public Works of this city, or in the absence 
by reason of illness the inability to act of said Commissioner, then of the Superintendent of the 
Division of Highways of the city, that threatening or existing weather conditions may impair the 
free flow of vehicular traffic or that parked or standing vehicles may impede the removal or 
plowing of snow and ice, then the said Commissioner or Superintendent, if properly acting in 
their stead, may declare a state of emergency to be effective at the time designated by them and 
to be in effect for such time as in their judgment is necessary. 
 
Whenever such an emergency is declared by the said Commissioner or said 
Superintendent and they shall have caused announcement thereof by the use of then available 
news and/or other mass communication media, then during the existence of such emergency no 
motor vehicle shall be allowed to park or stand within the limits of any of the ways and parts 
thereof named in this Section 10-11. 
 
A Certificate by the said Commissioner or said Superintendent stating the effective time 
and termination time of any such declared state of emergency, and that they caused 
announcement thereof by the use of available news and/or other communication media, and filed 
with the City Clerk shall be prima facie evidence of said facts in any prosecution or towing 
liability to owners of vehicles parked in violation of this Section 10-11. 
 
This Section 10-11 shall not apply to commercial vehicles stopped temporarily during the 
actual loading or unloading of materials. 
 
This Section 10-11 shall apply to:  
(a) All streets under the control of the City and shall prohibit parking on the even numbered 
address side of all streets in a winter season that begins in an odd numbered year and on the odd 
numbered address side of all streets in a winter season that begins in an even numbered year, 
except in the event where parking is already prohibited on a certain side of the street at all times 
in which case parking will only be allowed on that side and remain unchanged.  
 
(b) All areas designated "No Parking, No Standing, or No Stopping" with official signs 
erected and maintained by the City. 
 

--- PAGE 45 ---
5 
The declaration of a state of emergency as provided by this Section 10-11 shall suspend and 
supersede the provisions of Section 10-5 of this Article X on the Snow Emergency Arteries as 
established to the extent that all night parking is exempted, while such state of emergency is in 
force and effect. 
 
While any such state of emergency is in effect, all other Regulations, rules and regulations 
governing the parking or standing of motor vehicles on the ways which are in conflict with this 
Section shall, during said state of emergency, be deemed suspended to the extent only that they 
permit parking or standing which would be in violation of this Section. 
 
All other sections of this Article X relating to the towing or removal of vehicles shall be 
applicable to vehicles towed or removed under this Section. 
(1969-12) 
 
        Upon formal request and approval of the Traffic Commission, streets that have parking on 
both sides of the street for the duration of the snow plow route, parking will only be allowed on 
the side of the street with houses during snow emergencies in both park-even and park-odd 
seasons.  These streets will be listed in Schedule T of the Traffic Commission Rules and 
Regulations. 
 

--- PAGE 46 ---
1 
ARTICLE XI 
PENALTIES AND REPEALS 
 
Section 11-1 Owner prima facie responsible for violations 
If any vehicle is found upon any street or highway in violation of any provisions of these 
rules and regulations and the identity of the driver cannot be determined, the owner or the person 
in whose name such vehicle is registered, shall be held prima facie responsible for such 
violations. 
 
Section 11-2 Penalties 
 Any person violating any provisions of any rule, regulation or order regulating the 
parking of motor vehicles made by anybody authorized to make the same shall be dealt with as 
provided in General Laws, Chapter 90, §20A or any Acts in amendment thereof, or in addition 
thereto, and any person violating any of the rules and regulations applicable to State Highways 
made by the Massachusetts Highway Department, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, under 
authority of Chapter 85, §2 of the General Laws, and Acts in amendment thereof, and in addition 
thereto, shall be subject to the penalty provided in said rules and regulations. 
 
Violations of the Parking provisions of this regulation shall be subject to the following schedule 
of fines: 
 
Violation Fine 
Over 48 Hours $50 
Taxi Stand $50 
Meter Violation $30 
Restricted Zone $50 
High School Concourse $50 
Commercial Overnight $50 
Wrong Direction $50 
Overtime Parking $50 
On Sidewalk $50 
Bus Stop $100 
Loading Zone $50 
Obstructing Driveway $100 
Over 1 ft. from Curb $50 
Construction Zone (Posted) $50 
At Traffic Island/Safety Zone $50 
Leaving less than 10 ft. Passage $50 
Obstructing Street Sweeping $50 
No Stopping Zone $50 
Permit Parking $50 
Obstructing Posted Fire Lane $100 
Within 20 ft. of Intersection $50 
On Crosswalk $50 
Obstructing Accessible Ramp $200 
Double Parked $50 

--- PAGE 47 ---
2 
Within 10 ft. of Hydrant $100 
Accessible Parking $200 
Unattached Trailer/Semi Trailer $50 
Non-Compliance Moving Van Permit $50 
Non-Compliance Moving Container/Portable 
On Demand Storage (POD) Permit 
$50 
Invalid or Expired Registration Plate $50 
Invalid or Expired Inspection Sticker 
Obstructing Bicycle Lane 
$50 
$50 
Declared Snow Emergency:  
Tow Zone/Obstructing Snow Plow $100 
Within 10 ft. of Hydrant/Designated Fire Lane $100 
Within 20 ft. of an Intersection $100 
 
Section 11-3 Late payment penalties 
If any parking citation remains unpaid for over twenty-one days and the registered owner 
of the vehicle has not requested in writing for a hearing before the Parking Clerk, a five-dollar 
additional penalty as provided for in Chapter 90, §20A shall be added to penalties established in 
§54. 
 
If the Parking Clerk notifies the registered owner of a vehicle by First Class Mail of the 
registered owner's failure to pay a parking citation within twenty-one days, the owner shall have 
thirty days to make full payment with a five-dollar late penalty or twenty-one days to request in 
writing a hearing before the Parking Clerk.  If any citation remains unpaid as provided herein, a 
fifteen-dollar additional penalty shall be added to penalties established in Section 54.  An 
additional penalty of $40 will be added when the Parking Clerk reports non-payment to the 
Registrar of Motor Vehicles for non-renewal of the driver license and vehicle registration as 
provided for in Chapter 90, §20A of the General Laws. 
(82-9) 
 
Section 11-4 Repeal 
 These rules are adopted with the intent that each of them shall have force and effect 
separately and independently of every other except insofar as by express reference or necessary 
implication any rule or any part of a rule is made dependent upon another rule or part thereof. 
 
 All official signs, lights, markings, signal systems or devices erected or installed under 
prior rules or regulations and necessary to the enforcement of these regulations shall be deemed 
to have been lawfully erected or installed hereunder provided the same were erected or installed 
with the permission and approval of the Highway Department of the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts and insofar as the same are necessary as aforesaid for the enforcement of these 
regulations they shall be deemed continuing hereunder but in all other respects all prior rules, 
orders and regulations made by the City of Somerville for the regulation of vehicles are hereby 
expressly repealed.  This repeal, however, shall not affect any punishment or penalty imposed or 
any complaint or prosecution pending at the time of the passage hereof for any offense 
committed under said prior rules, order or regulations hereby repealed, nor shall said repeal be 

--- PAGE 48 ---
3 
effective unless and until these rules and regulations have been approved and published as 
required by law. 
 
Section 11-5 Effect of Regulations 
 If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of these rules and order is for any 
reason unconstitutional, such decisions shall not affect the validity of the remaining portion of 
these rules and orders.  The City of Somerville hereby declares that it would have passed these 
regulations and each section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase thereof irrespective of the 
fact that any one or more sections, subsections, sentences, clauses or phrases be declared 
unconstitutional. 
 

--- PAGE 49 ---
4 
ARTICLE XII 
PEDESTRIAN CONTROL REGULATIONS 
 
Section 12-1 Pedestrian crossing ways or roadways 
Pedestrians shall obey the directions of police officers directing traffic and whenever 
there is an officer directing traffic or a traffic control signal within three hundred (300) feet of a 
pedestrian, no such pedestrian shall cross a way or roadway except within the limits of the 
marked crosswalk and as hereinafter provided in these regulations. For the purpose of these 
regulations, a marked crosswalk shall be marked according to the “Crosswalk Markings” section 
of the currently approved edition of the MUTCD (currently Section 3B.18 in the 2009 Edition). 
 
Section 12-2 Pedestrian actuation 
(a) At a traffic control signal location where, pedestrian indications are provided but which 
are shown only upon actuation by means of a pedestrian push button, no pedestrian shall cross a 
roadway unless or until the pedestrian control signal push button has been actuated and then 
cross only on the proper pedestrian signal indication.  At traffic control signal locations where no 
pedestrian indication is provided, pedestrians shall cross only on the green indication.  If 
necessary, the green indication shall be actuated by the pedestrian by means of a push button. 
 
(b) At a traffic control signal location, pedestrians shall yield the right of way to vehicles of a 
funeral or other procession or authorized emergency vehicle while in performance of emergency 
duties regardless of the signal indication given, and they shall not attempt to cross the roadway 
until such vehicles or procession has passed at which time pedestrians shall then cross the 
roadway only as provided in these regulations. 
 
Section 12-3 Pedestrian obedience to traffic control signals 
Traffic control signal color indications and legends shall have the commands ascribed to 
them in this section and no other meanings, and every pedestrian shall comply therewith, except 
when otherwise directed by an officer. 
 
WALK and DON’T WALK indications (and/or the corresponding international symbols) have 
the following meaning:    
 
While the steady WALK indication is illuminated, pedestrians may enter a crosswalk controlled 
by such indication.  Drivers shall yield the right-of-way to any pedestrian crossing when this 
indication is displayed.   
 
While the Flashing DON’T WALK indication is illuminated, pedestrians shall not leave the curb 
and enter the crosswalk, however, any pedestrian already in the crosswalk at the time that this 
indication is displayed may continue to cross to the opposing curb.  While the steady DON’T 
WALK indication is illuminated, it shall be unlawful for a pedestrian to enter an intersection 
controlled by such indication.  The enforcement and penalty for violating this provision shall be 
as specified in Chapter 90, §18A of the General Laws. 
 

--- PAGE 50 ---
5 
Section 12-4 Pedestrian crossings and use of roadways 
(a) No pedestrian shall suddenly leave a sidewalk or safety island and walk or run into the 
path of a vehicle which is so close that it is impossible for the driver to yield the right of way. 
(b) Pedestrians shall at all times attempt to cross a roadway using the right half of 
crosswalks. 
(c) Where sidewalks are provided, it shall be unlawful for any pedestrian to walk along and 
upon an adjacent roadway whenever the sidewalk is open to pedestrian use. 
(d) Where sidewalks are not provided, any pedestrian walking along and upon a highway 
shall, when practicable, walk only on the left side of the roadway on its unfinished shoulder 
facing traffic which may approach from the opposite direction. 
(e) Persons alighting from the roadway side of any vehicle parked at the curb or edge of the 
roadway shall proceed immediately to the sidewalk or edge of roadway adjacent to vehicle, and 
shall cross on the roadway only as authorized by these regulations. 
(f) It shall be unlawful for any person to actuate a pedestrian control signal or to enter a 
marked crosswalk unless a crossing of the roadway is intended. 
 
Section 12-5 Crossing at Non-Signalized Locations 
When traffic control signals are not in place or not in operation, the driver a vehicle shall 
yield the right of way, slowing down or stopping if needed to so yield, to a pedestrian crossing 
the roadway within a marked crosswalk if the pedestrian is on that half of the traveled part of the 
way on which the vehicle is traveling or if the pedestrian approaches from the opposite half of 
the traveled part of the way to within five feet of that half of the traveled part of the way on 
which said vehicle is traveling. 
 
Every pedestrian crossing a roadway at any point other than within a marked crosswalk 
shall yield the right of way to all vehicles upon the roadway.  At a point where a pedestrian 
tunnel or overpass has been provided pedestrians shall cross the roadway only by the proper use 
of the tunnel or overpass. 
 
(General Laws Ch.90, § 11) 
 
Section 12-6 Operators to exercise due care 
The provisions of these regulations shall in no way abrogate the provisions of Chapter 90, 
§§14 and 14A of the General Laws which provide: "Precautions for Safety of Other Travelers" 
and for the "Protection of Blind Persons Crossing Ways".  Furthermore, notwithstanding the 
provisions of these regulations every operator of a vehicle shall exercise due care to avoid 
colliding with a pedestrian upon the roadway and shall give warning by sounding the horn when 
necessary and shall exercise proper precautions which may become necessary for safe operation. 
 
Section 12-7 Pedestrians Soliciting Rides or Business 
 No person shall stand in a roadway for the purpose of soliciting a ride, employment or 
business form the operator or occupant of any vehicle without the written permission of the 
board or officer having control of such roadway or highway. 
 
Section 12-8 Officers to enforce pedestrian regulations 

--- PAGE 51 ---
6 
These pedestrian control regulations shall be enforced by all officers of the City of 
Somerville. 
 
Section 12-9 Exemptions 
The provisions of these rules and regulations governing the use of ways by pedestrians 
shall not apply to pedestrians actually engaged in work upon a roadway closed to travel or under 
construction or repair, to municipal, state, federal or public service corporation employees while 
in the performance of their duties, to officers engaged in the performance of their public duties or 
to pedestrians acting in an emergency when such emergency necessitates departure from any part 
of these rules and regulations. 
 
Section 12-10Penalties 
Any person who violates the provisions of this Article, which deals with the proper use of 
ways by pedestrians, shall be punished as provided in Chapter 90, §18A of the General Laws. 
 
Section 12-11Effect of regulations 
All existing rules and regulations governing the operation of vehicles or the use of ways 
by pedestrians which are inconsistent herewith are hereby expressly repealed.  This repeal shall 
not, however, affect any punishment or penalty imposed or any complaint or prosecution 
pending at the time of passage hereof for any offense committed under any of the said rules and 
regulations hereby repealed. 
 
If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of these rules and order is for any 
reason unconstitutional, void for vagueness, illegal, or unenforceable, such decisions shall not 
affect the validity of the remaining portion of these rules and orders.  The City of Somerville 
hereby declares that it would have passed these regulations and each section, subsection, 
sentence, clause or phrase thereof irrespective of the fact that any one or more sections, 
subsections, sentences, clauses or phrases be declared unconstitutional. 

--- PAGE 52 ---
7 
ARTICLE XIII 
BICYCLE REGULATIONS 
 
Section 13-1 Authority 
The Traffic Commission, pursuant to the provisions of the General Laws, c. 85 § 11B and 
c. 90E § 1, hereby adopts this section regulating the operation of bicycles and other non-
motorized transportation (not including pedestrians). 
 
Section 13-2 Definitions 
 The following definitions of common terms apply to this Article. 
 
Non-Motorized Transportation Conveyances – All non-motorized modes of transportation, 
which are human powered conveyances according to c. 90 § 18A of the general laws.  Such 
modes shall include bicycles, scooters, and all other wheeled conveyances meeting the definition 
of a human powered conveyance. 
 
Traffic Controls – For the purposes of this article, traffic controls shall include all electrically 
displayed signals, signs, and pavement markings lawfully installed under the authority of this 
article. 
 
Bike Path – A route for the exclusive use of bicycles separated by grade or other physical barrier 
from motor traffic. 
 
Bike Lane – A lane on a street restricted to bicycles and so designated by appropriate traffic 
controls. 
 
Bike Route – A roadway shared by both bicycles and other forms of transportation designated 
by the means of traffic controls. 
 
Bikeway – Bike lanes, bike paths, and bike routes. 
 
Bicycle Parking Facility – Any facility for the temporary storage of bicycles which allows the 
frame and both wheels of the bicycle to be locked so as to minimize the risk of theft and 
vandalism.  Specifically, bicycle-parking facilities include designated bicycle racks and rings.   
 
Section 13-3 Traffic Controls for Bikeways 
 Traffic controls shall meet all of the requirements of Part 9 of the Manual on Uniform 
Traffic Controls (MUTCD), Traffic Controls for Bicycle Facilities, unless otherwise proscribed 
herein. 
 
Section 13-4 Authority to Operate on City Streets and Ways 
 Non-motorized transportation conveyances may be operated in accordance with 
applicable state law on all streets and ways under the control of the Traffic Commission.  
Bicycles may be operated in general traffic or on sidewalks except as hereinafter proscribed.  All 
other human powered conveyances must be operated on sidewalks except as hereinafter 

--- PAGE 53 ---
8 
proscribed.  Pedestrians shall have the right-of-way over bicycles on all sidewalks and in all 
crosswalks.  
 
Section 13-5 Operation Prohibited on Certain Sidewalks 
 Non-motorized transportation conveyances are prohibited from operating on sidewalks 
and in parks in certain districts as hereinafter defined.  Persons operating non-motorized 
transportation conveyances must dismount said conveyances and walk within these districts. 
 
(a) Davis Square – On Holland Street, from Irving Street to College Avenue; On Elm 
Street, from College Avenue to Windom Street; on Highland Avenue, from Cutter Avenue to 
College Avenue; and on College Avenue from Highland Avenue to Morrison Avenue; and on all 
intersecting ways within those limits a distance of fifty feet from the above-named streets. 
(b) Union Square – On Washington Street, from Columbus Avenue to Hawkins 
Street; on Somerville Avenue, from Milk Place to Church Street; on Prospect Street, from 
Webster Avenue to Washington Street; on Webster Avenue from Washington Street to Prospect 
Street; on Bow Street from Washington Street to Somerville Avenue; and on all intersecting 
ways within those limits a distance of fifty feet from the above-named streets. 
(c) Porter Square – On Elm Street, from Banks Street to Cherry Street. 
(d) Broadway – from Central Street to Marshal Street; from Cross Street to Mount 
Vernon Street. 
(e) Ball Square – On Broadway, from Lowden Avenue to Boston Avenue; and on all 
intersecting ways within those limits a distance of fifty feet from the above-named streets 
(f) Teele Square – On Broadway, from Farragut Avenue to Packard Avenue; on 
Holland Street, from Broadway to Moore Street; and on all intersecting ways within those limits 
a distance of fifty feet from the above-named streets. 
(g) Magoun Square – On Broadway, from Hinckley Street to Medford Street; on 
Medford Street, from Trull Street to Broadway; and on all intersecting ways within those limits a 
distance of fifty feet from the above-named streets. 
 
Section 13-6 Exclusive Operation in Designated Lanes and Paths 
 Non-motorized modes of transportation conveyances shall have exclusive use and right-
of-way in designated bicycle lanes on ways controlled by the Traffic Commission.  Non-
motorized transportation conveyances shall have the right-of-way on designated bicycle paths 
under the control of the Traffic Commission.  Motor vehicles are prohibited from operating in 
bicycle lanes and on bicycle paths.  Pedestrians are prohibited from walking in bicycle lanes 
(except as necessary to cross said lanes in a properly marked crosswalk), but are permitted to use 
bicycle paths. (General Laws c. 90E). 
 
Section 13-7 Lane Use in Designated Bicycle Lanes 
   When making a left turn maneuver, bicyclists shall move to the center of the roadway 
and execute their maneuver in accordance with the rules of the road.  Bicycles shall be operated 
consistent with the provisions of c. 85 of the General Laws.   
 
Section 13-8 Bicycle Parking 
 Bicycles may only be parked on a public way as hereinafter provided.  Bicycles may be 
secured to existing public appurtenances, such as light poles, street signs, and parking meters.  

--- PAGE 54 ---
9 
Where available, bicycles should be secured at bicycle parking facilities.  Bicycles may not be 
secured to public shade trees or to other street furniture, such as benches or trash receptacles.  
Bicycles not secured properly are subject to impoundment at the discretion of the Chief of 
Police.  Bicycles properly secured which have not been moved in fifteen days may also be 
impounded.  Bicycles secured in violation of this provision shall be subject to a penalty of fifteen 
dollars and/or impoundment. 
 
Section 13-9 Enforcement; Citations and Penalties 
 Moving violations and parking violations arising under this Article shall be 
enforced by officers of the Police Department.  Parking Control Officers shall also enforce 
violations of the parking provisions of this Article.  For any bicycle found upon any street or 
highway in violation of any provisions of these rules and regulations, if the identity of the 
operator cannot be determined, the owner shall be held prima facie responsible for such 
violations.  Violations of traffic laws are subject to a penalty of twenty dollars or impoundment 
of the conveyance if the operator is under the age of eighteen.  An offender who refuses to state 
his or her name and address, or who states a false name and address, is subject to a penalty of 
fifty dollars.  The provisions of the General Laws, c. 85 § 11C, shall govern penalties for moving 
violations. 
  
  

--- PAGE 55 ---
10 
ARTICLE XIV 
NEIGHBORHOOD TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT & CALMING PROGRAM 
 
 
Section 14-1 Authority 
The Traffic Commission, pursuant to the provisions of the General Laws, Chapter 85 §2, hereby 
adopts this section regulating the implementation and use of traffic calming devices on ways 
within its control. 
 
Section 14-2 Definitions 
The following definitions of common terms apply to this Article. 
 
Neighborhood Traffic Management and Calming Measures - Neighborhood traffic 
management and calming measures, hereinafter referred to as “traffic calming measures”, 
controlled by this article include methods to reduce the speed and volume of traffic on a 
particular roadway.  There are three primary methods for traffic calming by the state, reducing 
the width of the roadway, altering the vertical profile of the vehicle path, and deflecting the 
vehicle path.  Alternative methods may also be considered where physical methods are not 
feasible.  Regulatory measures such as STOP signs and traffic signals are not recommended for 
traffic calming and should only be implemented when warranted by a traffic study to meet 
regional needs. 
 
Traffic Calming Petition - A petition indicating at least 9 residents, or 33% of the residents on 
the street (whichever is lower) support the implementation of a traffic calming device. 
 
Section 14-3 Qualifying Criteria 
 
Requests for the implementation of calming measures on public streets will be evaluated by the 
City on the following criteria:   
 
Criteria for Initial Review: 
 
(a) The street should be primarily residential in nature; 
(b) A petition indicating at least 9 residents, or 33%of the residents on the street (whichever 
is lower) support the implementation of a traffic calming device. 
(c) The requested action is consistent with federal, state and local laws. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- PAGE 56 ---
11 
Traffic Calming Assessment Table 
 
The City uses several metrics to assess the general characteristics of streets and the potential 
viability of traffic calming measures. A second group of metrics helps document priority 
considerations. Each metric is assigned a “Yes” or “No” designation. Metrics are described in 
more detail below. 
 
Metrics    Criteria      Criteria Met?     
Traffic Calming Metrics    
Prevailing Speeds     85th percentile speed exceeds 20 
mph      Y/N  
Street Width     Paved width of street does not 
exceed 40 feet      Y/N  
Minimum Traffic 
Volume     
Average Daily Traffic of at least 
800 vehicles per day      Y/N  
Public Support     At least 33% of residents, or 9 
residents, support petition.      Y/N  
Priority Considerations      
Prevailing Speeds     85th percentile speed exceeds 25 
mph      Y/N  
Adjacent Land Use     Street serves or is adjacent to a 
school, public space, senior center, 
affordable housing or building of 
worship.      Y/N  
Neighborway     Street identified as Neighborway in 
Somerville’s Bicycle 
Network Plan     Y/N  
Upcoming Street 
Reconstruction   
Street is adjacent to an upcoming 
street reconstruction project   Y/N  
 Totals    Traffic Calming Metrics Met    ?/4    
Priority Considerations Met    ?/4   
 
 
Proposed Priority Ranking System 
 
The above recommended metrics for Article XIV installation include a total of four thresholds 
and four priority considerations. The above analysis is used to direct data collection efforts to 
evaluate the proposed Traffic Calming Petition. After data collection, the proposed street is 
added to the traffic calming consideration list where it is evaluated alongside other traffic 
calming needs based on bi-annual data collection, community feedback, and staff 
recommendations. Traffic calming is also often implemented in pavement and sidewalk 
reconstruction projects through the City’s Pavement Resurfacing Program. The length of time it 
takes to process a request and provide a recommendation, is subject to spring and fall data 
collection and the volume of requests. Streets at the top of the prioritization list will be more 
likely to receive funding and will be treated first. 

--- PAGE 57 ---
12 
 
Section 14-4 Neighborhood Traffic Management Process 
The following process will be used by the City to address neighborhood traffic concerns: 
 
(a) A resident alerts the City to a problem area, this can be done through methods such as 
contacting the City’s 311 Services, emailing the Mobility Division, providing feedback as part of 
a project outreach process, or via a Councilor. 
 
(b) Neighbors complete a petition (Traffic Calming Request Form, included in Appendix B) 
including a written description of the location of concern and requires the signatures of at least 9 
residents, or 33% of the residents on the impacted street(s) (whichever is lower). Upon 
submission, the petition will be verified with City records to validate the residency status of the 
petitioners. The petition must be signed by the inhabitants of households who legally reside on 
the street. Only one handwritten signature per household will be considered. 
 
(c) Once the petition is verified, the City will collect data in order to prepare an analysis 
evaluating the criteria for implementation. 
 
(d) After data collection, the proposed street is added to the traffic calming consideration list 
where it is evaluated alongside traffic calming needs based on bi-annual data collection, 
constituent requests, and staff recommendations.  
 
(e) The Traffic Commission votes to adopt, reject or modify the recommendations made by the 
City, if there are impacts to regulations under Traffic Commission’s purview (for example, 
impacts to curb-side parking). 
 
Section 14-5 Standards of Traffic Calming Measures 
Any traffic calming measures to be implemented in conjunction with this article shall 
substantially comply with the provisions of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation’s 
Project Development & Design Guide, Chapter 16,  Traffic Calming and Traffic Management, 
and other relevant national and local standards as may promulgated by the Federal Highway 
Administration (FHWA) of the Unites States Department of Transportation (USDOT), the 
American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), or the 
Institute of Transportation Engineers (ITE). 
 
Section 14-6 Types of Traffic Calming Measures 
Several levels and types of traffic calming treatments shall be considered when implementing 
traffic calming devices as further described above. 
 
(a) Reducing the Width of the Roadway 
a. Pavement cross-section features including on-street parking, spot narrowing, bike 
lanes, travel lane width reduction, medians, islands, and road diets. 
b. Pavement edge treatments like neckdowns, chokers, and curb extensions. 
 
This should be considered primarily for streets with a high amount of pedestrian traffic 
and alternative uses as it prioritizes other methods of transportation over the vehicle. 

--- PAGE 58 ---
13 
 
(b) Altering the Vertical Profile 
a. Speed tables. 
b. Raised crosswalks and intersections. 
c. Paving Treatments. 
d. Temporary rubber speed bumps  
 
(c) Deflecting the Vehicle Path 
a. Chicanes. 
b. Roundabouts at intersections. 
 
This method should be considered primarily for locations where crash rates and speeding 
are major issues. 
 
(d) Alternative Traffic Calming Measures 
a. Police spot enforcement/presence 
 
This method should be considered for roadways that experience significant speeding 
issues but do not meet the criteria for physical traffic calming measures. 
 
(e) Turning Prohibitions 
a. Peak hour turning restrictions  

--- PAGE 59 ---
14 
ARTICLE XV 
FEES AND PERMIT PARKING 
 
Section 15-1 Permit Parking  
The Traffic Commission hereby adopts the following permit parking rules and regulations. 
 
Section 15-2.1 Residential Permit Parking 
Residents of Somerville, whose motor vehicle, except for a commercial vehicle, is registered 
and principally garaged in Somerville, and who provides proof of residency as set forth below, 
may apply for a residential parking permit by completing and signing an application designed to 
provide the following information: 
 
a. The name and residential address of the owner of the vehicle; 
b. The name, residential address and driver's license number of the principal operator of 
the vehicle; 
c. The make, model, color and registration number of the vehicle; 
 
In addition to the application form, an applicant must submit a current valid motor 
vehicle registration issued by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Registry of Motor 
Vehicles showing the car registered in the applicant's name evidencing the applicant's current 
Somerville residential address. The applicant must also submit a current utility bill (gas, 
electric, telephone, or cable) 
 
Whenever the Parking Clerk finds that the applicant qualifies under the provisions of 
this section for a residential parking permit, he or she shall issue to the applicant one (1) 
residential parking permit for the vehicle described in the application. 
 
Residents who have been issued a residential parking permit shall be entitled to receive 
up to two visitors' passes per household. The visitor passes shall be used only while visitors 
are actually visiting the household to which the permits are issued. The visitor pass must be 
fully visible and readable from the exterior of the vehicle. If a visitor pass is lost, it may be 
replaced a maximum of two times per year. Visitor passes may be used no more than two days 
in any one-week period, except Sundays. 
 
Parking permits are prohibited for residents of any residential address that was not 
issued its first building permit prior to January 15, 2020 for any property shown on a map 
designated as Map A hereto appended, to which reference is made, and which Map A is 
specifically incorporated in this Section. The Director of Parking shall maintain a schedule of 
addresses, certified by the Inspectional Services Department, subject to the parking permit 
prohibition. 
 
The Director of Parking shall have the authority to waive the parking permit 
prohibition for residents with disabilities, residents of a deed restricted affordable dwelling 
unit, or residents facing extenuating circumstances. The Director of Parking shall issue 
parking permits only upon receiving adequate documentation that satisfies the waiver 
requirements of this section. In addition to the application requirements in the first two 

--- PAGE 60 ---
15 
paragraphs of Section 15-2.1, applicants shall also submit a waiver form with the following 
information: 
 
1. Residents with Disabilities: the applicant must have a disability plate or disability 
placard from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles or 
other duly authorized agency acting under the authority of the Commonwealth or 
written verification of a medical condition that causes a substantial impairment to 
the use of public transportation. 
2. Residents of a Deed Restricted Affordable Dwelling Unit: the applicant must 
provide written verification of residence from the Housing Division, Somerville 
Housing Authority, or other provider of deed restricted affordable housing. 
3. Residents with Extenuating Circumstances: the applicant must provide a written 
recommendation from the Director of Housing Stability in consideration of the 
extenuating circumstances. 
 
Please visit our website www.somervillema.gov/ParkingPermitRestrictions for answers to 
Frequently Asked Questions regarding the changes of 2019-91. 
 
 
 
 


--- PAGE 61 ---
16 
Section 15-2.2 Business Permit Parking  
 All commercial business in Somerville may apply for a parking permit authorizing the 
permitted motor vehicle to park in the areas designated by the parking clerk as shown on the 
permit. 
 
The Traffic Commission, on an annual basis, shall determine the location and number of 
available permits. A lottery shall be held by the Parking Clerk in which permits are randomly 
drawn and issued. Any permits remaining after the lottery shall be available for the balance of 
the year, on a first come first serve basis to qualified businesses. 
 
Business parking permits shall only authorize the permit holder to park on their assigned 
street/lot in areas designated “BUSINESS PERMIT PARKING ONLY” or “EXCEPT BY 
PERMIT” and shall be used only during the course of the employment of the permit holder.  All 
Business Permit Spaces in the Davis Square and Magoun Square Municipal Parking Lots will 
revert to metered spaces Monday through Friday 5pm-10pm and Saturday 8am to 10pm. 
 
Section 15-2.3 City Employee Permit Parking  
 
City of Somerville School Department officers, agents, and employees who work at 
schools designated by the Traffic Commission shall be entitled to receive a permit authorizing 
the permit holder to park in permit parking areas when necessary to carry out their official duties 
on behalf of the School Department.  
 
City of Somerville officers, agents, or employees whose regular place of employment is 
City Hall shall be entitled to receive a permit authorizing the permit holder to park in those areas 
designated as City Hall Permit Parking.  The permit shall be issued by the Mayor. 
 
Section 15-2.3 Citywide Placards Permit Parking  
The Parking Clerk may issue permits to persons not otherwise eligible for a permit, when 
the Parking Clerk determines that it would serve a public purpose to issue such permit. Before 
issuing such permit, the Parking Clerk shall state in writing the reasons for their decision to issue 
the permit.  
 
Section 15-2.4 Valet Parking Regulations 
 
2.4.1 Introduction 
The rules and regulations set forth herein shall be part of the City of Somerville Traffic Rules 
and Regulations pertaining to Valet Parking. 
Valet Permit shall be issued to the establishment serviced by the valet parking operation. 
Such establishments may contract with outside firms to conduct their valet parking operations. A 
Valet Parking Permit allows the holder exclusive use of curb space during approved time periods 
and is authorized under the Traffic Department’s authority to regulate on-street parking. 
It is a privilege not a right. Valet parking helps to promote the more efficient use of limited on-
street parking spaces. No curb space shall be used for valet parking without a permit issued 
hereunder. A permit may be modified, suspended or revoked if the valet parking operation is not 
conducted in accordance with applicable law and these rules and regulations or if the Valet 

--- PAGE 62 ---
17 
Parking Zone is not being used for a valet parking operation for all or a portion of the approved 
time periods.  . 
 
2.4.2 Definitions 
The following terms shall have the following meanings in this Article 15-2.4: 
Department for purposes of this document is Traffic and Parking 
Valet Parking Permit means the permit issued by the Department to the Valet Permit holder 
allowing it to conduct a valet parking operation in an approved Valet Parking Zone. 
Valet Permit Holder means the establishment (restaurant, hotel, complex or hospital) holding a 
Valet Parking Permit and offering valet parking services to its patrons or visitors. 
Valet Parking Operator means the company/entity that is engaged by the Valet Permit holder 
to operate the valet parking service. 
 
Section 2.4.3 General Provisions 
Valet parking shall be the parking of a vehicle in an approved Valet Parking Zone for the time 
periods listed in Section 2.2 below. Vehicles that are valet parked shall be transported to and 
parked at a designated off-street parking facility/area and shall not be parked in any other on-
street parking spaces. Any vehicle parked in violation of these rules and regulations shall be 
subject to the issuance of a parking citation and the Valet Permit Holder and/or the Valet Parking 
Operator shall be subject to the enforcement measures identified herein. The Department 
reserves the right to designate Valet Parking Zones or require that more than one establishment 
be served from a single Valet Parking Zone based upon local conditions such as traffic 
congestion, the demand for Valet Parking Zones or the overall impact of valet operations in a 
particular area. 
 
2.4.4 Size and Location of Valet Parking Zones 
The Department shall determine the size (measured in linear feet and/or designated space) and 
location of a Valet Parking Zone taking into account factors including but not limited to the 
seating capacity of the Valet Permit Holder, the nature of its business, the hours of the valet 
service operation, and the proximity of the Valet Permit Holder’s business to the off-street 
parking facility/area. In considering the seating capacity of the Valet Permit Holder, as reflected 
in the fire occupancy permit or entertainment license or as visually inspected by the Department, 
the Department may use the following general guidelines to determine an appropriate size for the 
Valet Parking Zone: 
100 or fewer seats – two (2) parking spaces 
101-150 seats – three (3) parking spaces 
151-200 seats – four (4) parking spaces 
 
2.4.5 Length of Time Vehicle May Remain in Valet Parking Zone 
Hotels/Complex: Vehicles may remain in the Valet Parking Zone of a hotel holding a Valet 
Parking Permit during the hours of valet parking operation listed on the permit as long as 
necessary, while engaged in the receiving or discharging of passengers or loading or unloading 
of baggage; however, hotels shall make every effort to keep a minimum of one space within the 
Valet Parking Zone open at all times. 

--- PAGE 63 ---
18 
Restaurants: Vehicles may remain in the Valet Parking Zone of a restaurant holding a Valet 
Parking Permit during the hours of valet parking operation listed on the permit for not more than 
fifteen (15) minutes continuously, while engaged in the receiving or discharging of passengers. 
Hospitals: Vehicles may remain in the Valet Parking Zone of a hospital holding a Valet Parking 
Permit during the hours of valet parking listed on the permit for as long as necessary, while 
engaged in the receiving or discharging of passengers. 
 
Section 2.4.6 Term and Public Comment 
Valet Parking Permits shall be issued to establishments for the period July 1 through June 30. 
Special or one-day permits may be issued as provided in Section 10.0 below. All permits shall 
expire on June 30 of each year and must be renewed annually. The Traffic and Parking 
Department shall provide notice to the applicable City Councilor on all initial applications. All 
Applications must be approved by the Traffic Commission public meeting. Notice of the meeting 
shall be posted in accordance with Public Meeting Law. 
 
Section 2.4.7 Coordination with other City Agencies and Departments 
The Department shall coordinate its review and enforcement of valet parking operations with 
other City of Somerville Departments including the SPD and the Licensing Board for the City of 
Somerville by exchanging and sharing information with these agencies. 
 
Section 2.4.8 Application for Valet Parking 
An application for a Valet Parking Permit shall be submitted on a form issued by the Traffic and 
Parking Department. Applications must be submitted by the establishment that will be serviced 
by the valet parking operation. Permits must be renewed annually and updated information must 
be submitted with a renewal application. The application form shall request the following 
information. 
2.4.8.1 The name, address, and telephone, email and fax numbers of the establishment requesting 
a Valet Parking Zone. 
2.4.8.2 The name and telephone, email and fax numbers, including the daytime and nighttime 
numbers of the owner or general manager of the establishment. 
2.4.8.3 The name, address, email and telephone phone numbers of the Valet Parking Operator 
that will be operating the valet service, and the daytime and nighttime telephone number and cell  
 
phone numbers of the owner or general manager of the Valet Parking Operator. The cell phone 
number of the owner or general manager of the Valet Parking Operator shall be accessible 
twenty-four (24) hours a day. If a Valet Parking Operator will not be used, the same information 
shall be provided for the Valet Permit Holder. 
2.4.8.4 The location and number of linear feet /spaces and/or meter numbers requested for the 
Valet Parking Zone. 
2.4.8.5 The days and actual hours of operation requested, the estimated number of vehicles that 
will be valet parked, and the estimated number of valet attendants that will be present during 
each of the days and times requested. 
2.4.8.6 A letter from the owner and/or operator of an off-street parking facility/area stating an 
agreement exists between the off-street location and the Valet Parking Operator or Valet Permit 
Holder for valet parking of vehicles. The letter must state the following information: the location 

--- PAGE 64 ---
19 
of the facility/area; the total number of parking spaces in the facility/area; and the total number 
of parking spaces that will be available for valet parked vehicles from the Valet Permit Holder. 
2.4.8.7 A plan or map and a description depicting the proposed route that valet parking 
attendants will use to and from the off-street parking facility/area shall be submitted. 
2.4.8.8 Contracts, written agreements or leases related to the use of an off-street parking 
facility/area during the term of a current permit shall be submitted for all renewal applications. 
 
Section 2.4.9 Evaluation Procedures and Criteria 
Upon receipt of a completed application for an initial permit, the Department shall provide a 
copy to the Somerville Police Department where the proposed valet operation will be located. 
Review, comments and hearings shall be as provided in Section 3.0. All applications for an 
initial permit or renewal of an existing permit are subject to an evaluation by the Department in 
order to ensure that there is safe and adequate vehicular access to and from the Valet Parking 
Zone and that the vehicular traffic expected to be generated by the valet parking operation will 
not cause undue traffic congestion, block or impede the flow of traffic or pose a public safety 
hazard by delaying or preventing access in or throughout the area of the Valet Parking Zone. The 
evaluation shall be completed promptly but no later than sixty (60) days following receipt of a 
complete application. The evaluation shall consider the following: 
2.4.9.1 The existing parking regulations on the block and in the general vicinity of the Valet 
Parking Zone. 
2.4.9.2 The anticipated number of vehicles that are proposed to be accommodated at the Valet 
Parking Zone during each of the operating periods listed in Section 5.5 and the corresponding 
number of valet parking attendants that are proposed to be used during each such period. 
2.4.9.3 The width and configuration of the streets at and in the general vicinity of the Valet 
Parking Zone. 
2.4.9.4 The turning vehicle radius movements required for vehicles that will enter and leave the 
Valet Parking Zone. 
2.4.9.5 The existing vehicular volumes on the streets and the on-street parking demand at and in 
the general vicinity of the requested zone during the time periods listed for the operation. 
2.4.9.6 Pedestrian volumes at and in the general vicinity of the Valet Parking Zone. 
2.4.9.7 An assessment of the proposed route to and from the off-street parking facility/area under 
the following criteria: how direct is the route and whether the distance between the establishment 
and the parking facility/area is within a reasonable walking distance for valet parking attendants. 
2.4.9.8 The overall demand for Valet Parking Zones at and in the general vicinity of the 
requested location during the operating periods listed on the valet parking application. 
2.4.9.9 The record and history of valet parking operations for the Valet Parking Operator that 
will be providing the service (if a Valet Parking Operator will not be used, the same information 
as to the Valet Permit Holder). 
Upon completion of the evaluation the application shall be presented to the Traffic Commission 
for approval. 
 
Section 2.5.0 Determination and Issuance Procedures and Criteria 
The Traffic Commission shall determine whether and to what extent an application should be 
approved based upon the Department Rules and Regulations and its professional opinion. The 
Traffic Commission may accept and consider comments from elected officials, residents and 
other city agencies and departments. Under the provisions of these rules and regulations, an 

--- PAGE 65 ---
20 
application may be approved in whole or in part, it may be denied, or it may be approved subject 
to specific additional conditions related to location and use characteristics such as the number of 
linear feet, the exact location of the Valet Parking Zone, the estimated number of vehicles that 
will be valet parked during each operating period listed in Section 5.5, the required number of 
valet attendants during each such operating period and use of a single Valet Parking Zone by 
more than one establishment. An approval notification shall be the Valet Parking Permit and it 
shall include the information on the permit application, the information set forth below and such 
additional information as the Department may determine. If an application is denied in whole or 
in part, or if it is approved subject to specific additional conditions, the grounds for such action 
shall be in writing and become part of the permit. The permit shall include the following: 
2.5.1 The term of the permit, the exact location and the number of linear feet of the Valet 
Parking Zone, the approved days and hours of operation, the minimum number of valet 
attendants required during each of the approved operating periods, the name and address of the 
designated off-street parking facility/area and the permit fee. Valet parking shall be allowed only 
during the approved days and hours of operation; and if the Valet Parking Zone is not being used 
for a valet parking operation for all or part of the approved time periods, the permit may be 
modified or revoked. The Valet Permit Holder or Valet Parking Operator may request permission 
to place signage in the Valet Parking Zone during the hours listed on the permit, but only 
Department-approved signage shall be placed on the street. 
2.5.2 The requirement that all vehicles shall be parked at the off-street parking facility/area listed 
on the permit and not parked in the Valet Parking Zone for longer than the allowed time limit or 
in any other on-street parking space. 
2.5.3 That the operation of any valet parking operation is the responsibility of the Valet Permit 
Holder, and a statement that the Valet Permit Holder agrees to comply with the terms and 
conditions on the permit, these rules and regulations and other regulations of the Department. 
2.5.4 That the permit shall be available for inspection at the establishment at all times. 
2.5.5 Copies of new permits shall be provided to the Somerville Police Department District 
where the proposed valet operation will be located, the applicable Councilor or and other city 
agencies including the Licensing Board for the City of Somerville. An inventory of new, 
suspended and/or revoked permits shall be provided upon request to the Department. 
2.5.6 The permit shall be issued upon approval and payment of the applicable fees. Once 
approved, the Department shall install valet signage. Unless a permit is renewed, the valet 
parking signage will be removed upon expiration of the current permit. 
2.5.7 The Traffic Commission may determine that a Valet Parking Zone should be designated or 
shared by more than one establishment. In this case, the Department shall list all of the 
establishments sharing the Valet Parking Zone as the Valet Permit Holder(s) on the Valet 
Parking Permit. 
 
Section 2.6.0 Fees 
The fees for the use of the curb space and signage are established by way of the Traffic 
Commission. Fees are as follows: $40 per linear foot or $800.00/marked space of curb space per 
year for each day of the week and$150 per sign for a five-year period. The payment of the fees 
shall be on a schedule as determined by the Department. 
 
Section 2.7.0 Enforcement 

--- PAGE 66 ---
21 
2.7.1 The Department shall maintain a complete file for each Valet Parking Permit issued. The 
files shall include all information relevant to the Valet Parking Permit including application(s), 
approval letters, complaints, correspondence, reports, Valet Parking Operator information, and 
other related documents and information. 
2.7.2 Conducting or operating a valet parking operation without applying for and receiving a 
Valet Parking Permit issued hereunder shall subject the establishment serviced by the valet 
parking operation and the valet operator to a fine not exceeding three hundred dollars ($300). 
Each day on which a violation exists shall constitute a separate offense. 
2.7.3 Valet Parking Permits may be suspended or revoked as set forth below, provided, however, 
that where a violation is a threat to public safety or welfare, a permit may be suspended or 
revoked prior to initiating the procedures below. 
2.7.4 Traffic and Parking Officers and Somerville Police Officers are authorized to enforce these 
regulations. The Department shall maintain within the file referenced in Section 9.1 all valet 
parking complaints from elected officials, residents and other city agencies and Somerville 
Police Department Incident Reports. 
2.7.5 Complaints may be taken in person, by telephone or in writing. A complaint form, as 
determined by the Department, shall be used whenever practical. Copies of complaints and 
incident reports received by the Department shall be provided to the Valet Permit Holder and the 
Valet Parking Operator. 
    2.7.5.1 Valet vehicles that are parked in violation of these rules and regulations may be subject    
     to issuance of a parking citation. A licensed premise violation may also be issued to a  
     Valet Permit Holder licensed by the Licensing Board for the City of Somerville for any    
     violation of these rules and regulations. 
2.7.6 The Department may issue a written warning to a Valet Permit Holder on the basis of any 
complaint, compliance inspection, written violation, parking citation, or incident report. A 
written warning shall identify the nature of the problem and may state corrective action. 
Copies of written warnings shall also be provided to the Valet Parking Operator associated with 
the particular Valet Permit Holder receiving the warning. 
2.7.7 The Department may undertake compliance inspections from time to time and it may 
undertake investigations based upon complaints, incident reports or violation notices. On the 
basis of inspections or investigations the Department may issue a written warning to a Valet 
Permit Holder, as described in Section 9.6. 
2.7.8 Following the issuance of at least one written warning to a Valet Permit Holder, the 
Department may schedule a hearing if it receives an additional complaint or incident report or if 
a compliance inspection reveals a problem. The purpose of the hearing will be to receive 
additional information and to determine if additional enforcement measures are warranted. 
The Valet Permit Holder and Valet Parking Operator shall be provided prior written notice of the 
hearing and both shall be required to attend. The Valet Permit Holder and/or the Valet Parking 
Operator may present information at the hearing. Following a hearing, the 
Department shall issue the Traffic Commission’s determination as to what, if any, additional 
enforcement measures to take. Such measures may include an additional written warning or a 
modification, suspension or revocation of the permit. The Department may also schedule a 
hearing for any of the following purposes: to hear applications for new Valet Parking Permits; to 
hear requests from an existing Valet Permit Holder to increase or decrease the days or hours of 
its valet parking operation; requests from existing Valet Permit Holders to decrease or increase 

--- PAGE 67 ---
22 
the size of the Valet Parking Zone; or to address complaints or violations occurring after written 
warnings are sent out and that the Department determines warrant immediate attention. 
2.7.9 Actions involving the modification, suspension or revocation of a Valet Parking Permit 
shall be based on a number of factors including the number of violations, the number of 
occasions on which the violations occurred, or the severity of an incident resulting in a violation. 
A first suspension shall be for a period of not more than five (5) days and a second suspension 
for a period of not more than ten (10) days following the second suspension, the Traffic 
Commission may revoke the Valet Parking Permit. 
2.7.10 Copies of written warnings, suspensions and revocations issued by the Department under 
this section shall be provided to other city agencies including the Somerville Police Department 
and the Licensing Board for the City of Somerville 
2.7.11 Parking citations received as a result of a violation of these rules and regulations are the 
responsibility of the Valet Permit Holder. Parking citations shall be processed and may be 
appealed pursuant to the procedures of the Department Rules and Regulations. 
 
Section 2.8.0 Special or One-Day Permits 
The Department may, in its discretion, issue special or one-day permits for valet parking. Such 
permits shall, as determined by the Traffic Commission, comply with all of the provisions 
hereunder, and applications for such permits shall be submitted no later than five (5) days prior 
to the date of the event. The Department shall consider requests less than five (5) days prior to 
the event only in extraordinary situations. 
 
Section 2.9.0 Severability 
If any section or part hereof is held invalid, the remainder shall not be affected by such holding. 
 
Section 2.10.0 Public Safety 
In the interest of public safety, each Valet Parking Operator operating within the City of 
Somerville must annually, on or before July 1 of each year, provide a copy of its company’s 
policy regarding handling intoxicated drivers to the Department. 
 
Section 2.11.0 Identifying Jackets for Valet Parkers 
No Valet Parking Operator who is engaged in providing valet services, including but not limited 
to receiving or discharging passengers or loading or unloading baggage from a vehicle, making 
arrangements to remove the vehicle to a designated off-street parking facility, parking a vehicle, 
or otherwise in control of a vehicle subject to valet parking requirements, may engage in such 
activities unless the Valet Parking Operator is wearing a jacket or shirt clearly marked "VALET" 
across the back in reflective lettering that shall be highly contrasting with the 
background/field/screen (i.e. dark colored reflective lettering on light-colored background or 
light-colored reflective lettering on dark-colored background); each individual letter of the word 
"VALET" shall be no smaller than three inches (3") in height. The front of the jacket or shirt 
worn by the Valet Parking Operator shall include the name of the person, business, 
establishment, or corporation granted a Valet Parking Permit.  Compliance with these sections 
shall require the jacket or shirt required in this section to be the outermost garments worn by the 
Valet Parking Operator. 
 
Section 2.12.0 Effective Date 

--- PAGE 68 ---
23 
These amendments to the Department Rules and Regulations shall take effect on November 19, 
2014 

--- PAGE 69 ---
1 
 
 
Section 15-3 Schedule of Fees 
The Traffic Commission hereby adopts the following schedule of permits granted in 
connection with permit-parking. 
 
Permit Type Fee 
Residential Permit $40* 
Replacement Residential Permit (1st time) $25* 
Replacement Residential Permit (2nd time) $50*  
2 Day Visitor Permit  $20 each* 
Replacement Visitor Permit (1st time) $25 each*  
Replacement Visitor Permit (2nd time)  $50 each* 
3 Day Visitor Permit  
Special Visitor Permit (3-7 days)    
$40 each 
$25 
Extended Visitor Permit (8-30 days) $35 
Commercial Vehicle Permit $50/yearly 
Non-Commercial Permit $25 
Commercial Exempt School Vans $25 yearly 
Citywide Placard/Health Care Professional $40 12 months 
Citywide Placard/Home Maker $40 12 months 
Military $20 
Religious Organization $40 12 months 
Medical $40 12 months 
Business Permit (On Street) $150 yearly 
Business Permit (Off Street) $100 per month 
School Department/Teacher Permit $15 
Rental Car Permits (up to 1 month) $35/month 
Contractors Permits (per vehicle, up to 1 month) $35 
Landlord Permits (living outside of Somerville) $60 yearly 
Landlord Permits 10+ properties (living outside of Somerville) $100 yearly 
Realtor Permits (8am-9pm)  $60 yearly 
Temporary “No Parking” Signs  $5 each 
Moving Van Permit $40/day 
Moving Container/Portable On Demand Storage (POD) $40/day 
Party/One Time Event Permits 
Valet Parking Permit 
 
 
 
Miscellaneous Business Permit                                                                          
$1 per permit/per day 
$40/linear ft or 
$800/space for each 
day of the week; 
$150/sign every 5 yrs 
$200/year 
 
Auxiliary Landlord Permit 
Auxiliary Landlord Permit (10+ properties) 
$60 
$100 
Artist Permit $75/yearly 
*Denotes that there is NO CHARGE for persons with disabilities or 65+   

--- PAGE 70 ---
2 
Section 15-4 Parking Meter Fees  
 The fee for parking at a parking meter under the jurisdiction of the Traffic Commission 
shall be twenty-five cents per 12 minutes. 
 
Section 15-5 Parking Meter Bagging Fees 
The fee for having a meter placed out of service for a specific event (“meter bagging”) 
shall be $35 per meter per day plus a $35 bagging fee.  Requests for meter bagging shall be 
placed no less than 48 hours in advance and shall be accompanied with a check in the amount of 
the required fee.  Meter bagging shall be automatically granted upon request, unless the Parking 
Clerk determines in writing that the request shall result in manifest injustice or conflicts with the 
spirit of the Traffic and Parking Regulations.  All requests for meter bagging shall be made on a 
form prescribed by the Parking Clerk. 
 
Section 15-6 Violations  
 
If a person uses a permit issued under this article in violation of these regulations, the 
permit may be suspended, revoked, or modified, in whole or in part, only after the holder of the 
permit has been notified in writing and has been given an opportunity to be heard.   
  

--- PAGE 71 ---
3 
ARTICLE XVI 
APPEALS AND HEARING 
 
 
Section 16-1 Hearings for Permits  
 
An appeal to the Traffic Commission may be taken by any person aggrieved by reason of the 
inability to obtain a permit or permit renewal from the Parking Clerk. Any appeal shall be taken 
within thirty days from the date of the decision which is being appealed. The petitioner shall file 
a notice of appeal specifying the grounds thereof, with the Parking Clerk. The Parking Clerk 
shall forthwith transmit to the Traffic Commission all documents and papers constituting the 
record of the case in which the appeal is taken. The Traffic Commission shall hold a hearing on 
any appeal at the next regularly scheduled meeting. Written notice of the date, time, and place of 
the hearing shall be sent by first-class mail to the petitioner. The hearing shall be informal, the 
rules of evidence shall not apply, and the decision of the Traffic Commission shall be final. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- PAGE 72 ---
4 
 
 
 
ARTICLE XVII 
MOTORIZED SCOOTERS 
 
SECTION 17-1 AUTHORITY 
The Traffic Commission hereby adopts the following motorized scooter rules and regulations 
 
SECTION 17-2 DEFINITIONS 
Motorized Scooter – any two wheeled device that has handlebars, designed to be stood or sat 
upon by the operator, powered by electric or “gasoline powered” motor that is capable of 
propelling the device with or without human propulsion, and which is not a “motor vehicle” or 
“motorized bicycle” as defined in Chapter 90 of the Massachusetts General Laws, except that a 
“Segway” personal mobility assistance device shall not be considered a motorized scooter.  
However, any personal assistance device that is intended for use and operated by a person with a 
disability shall be exempt from the provisions of this regulation. 
 
SECTION 17-3 REGULATIONS 
a) A person under the age of 16 may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, 
highway, boulevard, avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the 
City of Somerville.  Operator must possess a valid driver’s license or learner’s permit. 
b) A person may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville at a 
speed in excess of twenty-five miles per hour. 
c) A person may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville in a 
careless, reckless, or negligent manner so as to endanger the life, safety of any person or the 
property of any other person. 
d) A person may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville while 
under the influence of alcohol as set forth in G.L. c. 90 s. 24. 
e) A person may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville in 
violation of any federal, state, or local traffic and parking laws, ordinances, rules, or 
regulations.  Operator must obey all Mass traffic laws except that the operator may pass a 
motor vehicle on the right only when traveling in the same direction as the motor vehicle and 
the operator must give hand signals for stopping or turning and must yield the right of way to 
any motor vehicle making a right-hand turn. 
f) Every person operating a motorized scooter shall operate such motorized scooter upon any 
way, street, highway, boulevard, avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the 
control of the City of Somerville in designated bicycle lanes, where such lanes are provided 
within ten (10) yards of the location at which such motorized scooter is operated. 
g) Every person operating a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville shall 
wear protective headgear conforming with standards governing bicycles. 

--- PAGE 73 ---
5 
h) A person operating a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, avenue, 
court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville may not 
permit any person to ride as a passenger on such scooter. 
i) A person may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville unless 
such motorized scooter is equipped with a braking system to enable the operator to bring the 
scooter traveling at a speed of fifteen miles per hour to a smooth safe stop within thirty feet 
on a dry, clean, hard level surface.  
j) A person may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square and place under the control of the City of Somerville during 
hours of darkness. 
k) A person may not operate a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, 
avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville unless 
the handlebars are below shoulder height of the operator. 
l) A person operating a motorized scooter upon any way, street, highway, boulevard, avenue, 
court, lane, alley, square, and place under the control of the City of Somerville may not pass 
or overtake another motorized scooter traveling in the same direction. 
m) A person may not operate a motorized scooter in the following locations under the control of 
the City of Somerville: 
i.  any sidewalk, except as may be necessary to enter or leave adjacent property. 
            ii.  on any way, street, highway, boulevard, avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place     
under the City of Somerville prohibiting bicycles. 
            iii. any street, highway, boulevard, avenue, court, lane, alley, square, and place under the  
control of the City of Somerville with a posted speed limit greater than 30 m.p.h. 
n)  A person who is charged with violating this regulation shall give their name and address  
to the enforcing authority. 
o)  A person who violates this section or knowingly permits another to violate this section shall  
be punished by a fine as set forth in Section 1-11(b) of the Somerville Code of Ordinances in  
the manner provided by G.L. c. 40 § 21D.  The police department is the enforcing authority  
for violations of this section.  The fine will be not more than $25 for the first offense, $25-$50  
for the second offense, and $50-$100 for subsequent offenses.  
to another fine.  The fine will be $50 per violation. 
p)  This section shall not be construed to impair any common law or statutory cause of action or  
other legal remedy available to the City. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 74 ---
6 
ARTICLE XVIII 
RED LIGHT VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ENFORCEMENT 
 
Section 18-1 Definitions 
 
In this article: 
 
"Department” shall mean the Police Department of the City of Somerville, Massachusetts  
 
"Intersection” shall mean the place or area where two (2) or more streets intersect.  
 
“Owner” shall mean the owner of a motor vehicle as shown on the motor vehicle registration 
records of the Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles or the analogous department or agency 
of another state or country. The term "owner" includes (i) a lessee of a motor vehicle under a 
lease of six (6) months or more or (ii) the lessee of a motor vehicle rented or leased from a motor 
vehicle rental or leasing company, but does not include the motor vehicle rental or leasing 
company itself. 
 
"Photographic traffic monitoring system” shall mean a system that: 
 
(a) Consists of a combination of multiple digital still cameras with a single 
synchronized time source and full motion video and vehicle sensor installed to work in 
conjunction with an electrically operated traffic control signal; and 
 
(b) Is capable of producing at least three (3) discreet images that depict the license 
plate attached to the rear of a motor vehicle, as well as an image of the operator of a 
motor vehicle, that is not operated in compliance with the instructions of the traffic 
control signal. 
 
"Recorded image” shall mean an image recorded by a photographic traffic monitoring system 
that depicts the rear of a motor vehicle, or the operator of a motor vehicle, and is automatically 
recorded on a photograph or digital image. 
 
"System location" shall mean the approach to an intersection toward which a photographic 
traffic monitoring system is directed and in operation. 
 
"Traffic control signal" shall mean a traffic control device that displays alternating red, amber 
and green lights that direct traffic when to stop at or proceed through an intersection.  
 
“Speed Traffic Monitoring System” means a system that: 
 
 (a) Consists of a combination of multiple digital still cameras with a single 
synchronized time source and full motion video to work in conjunction with an 
electrically operated speed control device; and 
 

--- PAGE 75 ---
7 
 (b) Is capable of producing at least three discreet recorded images that depict the 
license plate attached to the rear of a motor vehicle that is not operated in compliance 
with the instructions of the traffic control signal. 
 
Section 18-2 Imposition of civil penalty. 
 
(A) The Traffic Commission finds and determines that a vehicle that proceeds into an 
intersection when the traffic control signal for that vehicle's direction of travel is emitting a 
steady red signal damages the public by endangering vehicle operators and pedestrians alike, by 
decreasing the efficiency of traffic control and traffic flow efforts, and by increasing the number 
of serious accidents to which public safety agencies must respond at the expense of the 
taxpayers. 
 
(B) The owner of a motor vehicle is liable for a civil penalty if the vehicle proceeds into an 
intersection at a system location when the traffic control signal for that vehicle's direction of 
travel is emitting a steady red signal. 
 
(C) The civil penalty for Section 2(B) shall be set equal to Massachusetts General Law 
Chapter 89, Section 9.  (Designation of highways as through ways; traffic control signs and 
devices); However, provided that for a third or subsequent offense in any 12-month period, the 
amount of the penalty shall be increased by $100. 
 
(D) The Traffic Commission finds and determines that a vehicle that travels at speeds greater 
than are allowed under the law damages the public by endangering vehicle operators and 
pedestrians alike, by decreasing the ability of motorists and pedestrians to react in time in cases 
of emergency and or accident-avoidance efforts, and by increasing the number of serious 
accidents to which public safety agencies must respond at the expense of the taxpayers. 
 
(E) The owner of a motor vehicle is liable for a civil penalty if the vehicle is operated at a 
speed greater than allowed under the law. 
 
(F) The civil penalty for Section 2(E) shall be set equal to Massachusetts General Law 
Chapter 90, Section 17. (Speed limits); however, provided that for a third or subsequent offense 
in any 12-month period, the amount of the penalty shall be increased by $100. 
 
(G) A Police administration fee of 25% of the total fee assessed shall be set aside in Traffic 
Enforcement and Education Revolving Fund as outlined in the Massachusetts General Laws, 
Chapter 44, § 53E. 
 
Section 18-3 Enforcement; procedures. 
 
(A) The Department is responsible for the enforcement and administration of this article.  
 
(B) In order to impose a civil penalty under this article, the Department shall cause to be 
mailed a notice of violation to the owner of the motor vehicle liable for the civil penalty not later 
than the 40th day after the date the violation is alleged to have occurred to: 

--- PAGE 76 ---
8 
 
(1) The owner's address as shown on the registration records of the Massachusetts 
Registry of Motor Vehicles; or 
 
(2) If the vehicle is registered in another state or country, the owner's address as 
shown on the motor vehicle registration records of the department or agency of the other 
state or country analogous to the Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles. 
 
(C) A notice of violation issued under this article shall contain the following:  
 
1. A description of the violation alleged; 
 
2. The location of the intersection where the violation occurred; 
 
3. The date and time of the violation; 
 
4. The name and address of the owner of the vehicle involved in the violation; 
 
5. The registration number displayed on the license plate of the vehicle involved in 
the violation; 
 
6. A copy of a recorded image of the vehicle involved in the violation that depicts 
the registration number displayed on the license plate of that vehicle; 
 
7. The amount of the civil penalty to be imposed for the violation; 
 
8. The date by which the civil penalty must be paid; 
 
9. A statement that a recorded image is evidence in a proceeding for the imposition 
of a civil penalty; 
 
10. Information that informs the person named in the notice of violation:  
 
a. Of the person's right to contest the imposition of the civil penalty against 
the person in an administrative adjudication; 
 
b. Of the manner and time in which imposition of the civil penalty may be 
contested; 
 
c. That failure to pay the civil penalty or to contest liability in a timely 
manner is an admission of liability and that failure to appear at an administrative 
adjudication hearing after having requested a hearing is an admission of liability; 
and 
 
d. that failure to pay the civil penalty within the time allowed shall result in 
the imposition of a late-payment fee of twenty- five dollars ($25.00). 

--- PAGE 77 ---
9 
 
11. A statement that, if at the time and place of the violation the vehicle was being 
operated by a person other than the owner, if the owner is a natural person, the owner 
may transfer liability for the violation to the person who was operating the vehicle at that 
time and place if the owner submits to the City by affidavit, on a form provided by the 
City, or under oath at an administrative adjudication hearing the name and current 
address of the person: 
 
a. Operating the vehicle at the time and place of the violation; 
 
b. Who was the lessee of the vehicle at the time of the violation, if the 
vehicle was rented or leased from a person in the business of renting or leasing 
motor vehicles at that time; or 
 
c. Who was the subsequent owner of the motor vehicle, if ownership of the 
vehicle was transferred by the owner before the time of the violation. 
 
(D) A notice of violation under this article is presumed to have been received on the fifth day 
after the date the notice of violation is mailed. 
 
(E) In lieu of issuing a notice of violation, the Department may mail a warning notice to the 
owner that, in addition to any other information contained in the warning notice, must contain 
the information required by subsection (C). 
 
Section 18-4 Administrative Adjudication Hearing 
 
(A) A person who receives a notice of violation under this article may contest the imposition 
of the civil penalty by requesting in writing an administrative adjudication of the civil penalty 
within twenty-one (21) calendar days after receipt of the notice of violation. Upon receipt of a 
timely request, the Department shall notify the person of the date and time of the hearing on the 
administrative adjudication. The administrative adjudication hearing shall be held before a 
hearing officer appointed by the Chief of Police. 
 
(B) Failure to pay a civil penalty or to contest liability in a timely manner is an admission of 
liability in the full amount of the civil penalty stated in the notice of violation and constitutes a 
waiver of the right to appeal under Section 4(k) 
 
(C) Failure to appear at an administrative adjudication hearing after having requested a hearing is 
an admission of liability for the full amount of the civil penalty assessed in the notice of violation 
and constitutes a waiver of the right to appeal under Section 4(K). 
 
(D) A person who fails to pay a civil penalty within the time allowed by this article shall be 
additionally liable for a late-payment penalty in the amount of $50.00. 
 
(E) The civil penalty shall not be assessed if: 
 

--- PAGE 78 ---
10 
(1) after a hearing, the hearing officer enters a finding of no liability; or 
 
(2) within the time prescribed in the notice of violation, the person against whom the 
civil penalty is to be assessed submits the proof described in Section 3(C)(11).  
 
(F) A person who requests an administrative adjudication hearing or who requests and 
thereafter fails to appear at the time and place of the hearing is liable for administrative hearing 
costs in the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00) in addition to the amount of the civil penalty 
assessed for the violation. A person who is found liable for a civil penalty shall pay the civil 
penalty and costs within ten (10) days of the hearing. 
 
(G) In an administrative adjudication hearing, the issues must be proved at the hearing by a 
preponderance of the evidence. The reliability of the photographic traffic- control signal 
monitoring system used to produce the recorded image of the violation may be attested to in an 
administrative adjudication hearing by affidavit of an officer or employee of the City or the 
entity with which the City contracts to install or operate the system and who is responsible for 
inspecting and maintaining the system. An affidavit of an officer or employee of the City that 
alleges a violation based on an inspection of the pertinent recorded image, is admissible in a 
proceeding under this article, is evidence of the facts contained in the affidavit, and is prima facie 
evidence of the violation alleged in the notice of violation. 
 
(H) It shall be an affirmative defense to liability under this article, to be proven by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that: 
 
(1) The traffic-control signal was not in proper position and sufficiently legible to an 
ordinarily observant person; 
 
(2) The operator of the motor vehicle was acting in compliance with the lawful order 
or direction of a police officer;  
 
(3) The operator of the motor vehicle violated the instructions of the traffic-control 
signal so as to yield the right-of-way to an immediately approaching authorized 
emergency vehicle; 
 
(4) The motor vehicle was being operated as an authorized emergency vehicle under 
Chapter 89, Section 7B, “Operation of emergency vehicles” of the Massachusetts General 
Laws and that the operator was acting in compliance with that chapter; 
 
(5) The motor vehicle was a stolen vehicle and being operated by a person other than 
the owner of the vehicle without the effective consent of the owner; 
 
(6) The license plate depicted in the recorded image of the violation was a stolen 
plate and being displayed on a motor vehicle other than the motor vehicle for which the 
plate had been issued; 
 

--- PAGE 79 ---
11 
(7) If the owner of the vehicle is a natural person and a person other than the owner 
of the vehicle was operating the vehicle and within the time prescribed in the notice of 
violation, the person against whom the civil penalty is to be assessed submits the proof 
described in Sec. 3(C)(11); or 
 
(8) The presence of ice, snow, unusual amounts of rain or other unusually hazardous 
road conditions existed that would make compliance with this article more dangerous 
under the circumstances than non-compliance.  
 
(I) To demonstrate that at the time of the violation the motor vehicle was a stolen vehicle or 
the license plate displayed on the motor vehicle was a stolen plate, the owner must submit proof 
acceptable to the hearing officer that the theft of the vehicle or license plate had been timely 
reported to the appropriate law enforcement agency. 
 
(J) Notwithstanding anything in this article to the contrary, a person who fails to pay the 
amount of a civil penalty or to contest liability in a timely manner is entitled to an administrative 
adjudication hearing on the violation if: 
 
(1) The person files an affidavit with the hearing officer stating the date on which the 
person received the notice of violation that was mailed to the person; and  
 
(2) Within the same period required by Section 3(C)(lO)(b) for a hearing to be timely 
requested but measured from the date the mailed notice was received as stated in the 
affidavit filed under Subsection (I), the person requests an administrative adjudication 
hearing. 
 
 
(K) A person who is found liable after an administrative adjudication hearing may appeal 
that finding of liability to the Somerville District Court by filing a notice of appeal with the clerk 
of the Somerville District Court. The notice of appeal must be filed not later than the 31st day 
after the date on which the administrative adjudication hearing officer entered the finding of 
liability and shall be accompanied by the payment of any filing fee as determined by the court. 
 
 
Section 18-5 Effect of liability; exclusion of civil remedy; enforcement. 
 
(A) The imposition of a civil penalty under this chapter is not a conviction and may not be 
considered a conviction for any purpose. 
 
(B) The Department may not impose a civil penalty under this article on the owner of a motor 
vehicle if the operator of the vehicle was arrested or was issued a citation and notice to appear by 
a police officer for a violation of Chapter 89, Section 9 of the Massachusetts General Laws 
which is also recorded by the traffic-control signal monitoring system. 
 
(C) The City Solicitor is authorized to take appropriate legal action, including but not limited 
to filing suit, to enforce collection of a civil penalty assessed under this article. 

--- PAGE 80 ---
12 
 
(D) All fines issued under these sections may be recorded by a non-criminal disposition 
procedure promulgated in G. L. Chapter 40, Section 21D, which procedures are incorporated 
herein by reference; provided, however that if a person in violation fails to follow the procedures 
and requirements of G. L. Chapter 40, Section 21D, then the fine or fines shall be recovered by 
indictment or by complaint pursuant to G. L. Chapter 40, Section 21D. 
 
 
 
 
Section 18-6 Severability. 
 
If any person or subsection of this section shall be held to be invalid by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, then such person or subsection shall be considered separately and apart from the 
remaining provisions or subsections of this section, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A 
PERTINENT STATUTES 
Chapter Section Provision 
40 21 s.s. 14 Regulate parking of private ways 
40 21 s.s. 16 Supt. Of streets may tow vehicles 
40 22 Municipalities may regulate traffic 
40 22A And install parking meters 
40 22B And use meter funds to purchase off-street parking areas 
40 22C And install meters in parking areas 
40 22D Municipalities may tow illegally parked vehicles 
81 19 Town has police jurisdiction over State highway 
85 1 Municipalities to erect directional signs 
85 2 Authority and duties of the Department 
85 2A Additional authority (Department may tow vehicles interfering with snow 
recall) 
85 2B Additional authority (may make special regulations for express State 
Highways) 
85 2C Additional authority (towing of vehicles on State Highways) 
85 10A Municipalities may designate coasting streets 
85 11A Registration of bicycles 
85 21A Municipalities may erect school warning signs 
85 30 Heavy vehicles may be regulated – certain conditions 
85 34 Protection of bridges 
85 35 Liability for damage to bridges 
85 36 Dropping of leaking loads 
89 1 Keep to the right 

--- PAGE 81 ---
13 
89 2 Pass to the left 
89 4 Keep to the right when view is obstructed 
89 4A Drive in single lane 
89 4B Drive in right lane when available 
89 7 Certain emergency vehicles have right of way 
89 7A Vehicles near fire apparatus on fires 
89 8 Right-of-way law 
89 9 Through ways 
90 17 Speed limits 
90 18 Special regulations 
90 18A Pedestrian control 
90 20A Violation of parking rules (penalty) 
90 20A  Municipalities may set parking fines 
90 20C Excessive parking notices 
90 20D Removing parking notice (penalty) 
233 79F Proof of existence of public way 
270 16 Disposal of garbage, etc. on a highway 
397 None Establishing Traffic Commission 
 
TEXT OF RELEVANT STATUTES: 
MGL Ch. 85, §1Direction signs. 
 Except as otherwise provided in section two, every city and town shall erect and maintain 
on the ways therein, except state highways and ways under the control of the metropolitan 
district commission, at such places as are convenient for the direction of travelers and at forks or 
intersections of ways which lead to adjoining cities or towns, direction signs, upon which shall 
be stated the name of the city, town or place to which each such way leads, and the distance to 
the same. 
 
MGL Ch. 85, §2Traffic signs or devices; rules and regulations. 
 The department of highways, in this chapter called the department, shall erect and 
maintain on state highways and on ways leading thereto and therefrom, and on all main 
highways between cities and towns, such direction signs, warning signs or lights, curb, street or 
other traffic markings, mechanical traffic signal systems, traffic devices, or parking meters as it 
may deem necessary for promoting the public safety and convenience and shall likewise install 
and maintain in accordance with the department’s current manual on uniform traffic control 
devices, such curb, highways, street or other traffic markings as conditions may require or as 
may be necessary to carry out the provisions of other statutes pertaining to highway markings.  
The department may, from time to time, make, alter, rescind or add to rules and regulations 
relative to such signs, lights, signal systems, traffic devices, parking meters and markings, and 
may issue rules and regulations to direct, govern and restrict the movements of vehicles on all 
state highways and to carry out the purposes of section nine of chapter eighty-nine on highways, 
including state highways, which are designated thereunder by the department as through ways, 
with penalties for the violation thereof not exceeding twenty dollars for each offense.  No such 
rule or regulation shall prohibit the use of passenger or station wagon type motor vehicles whose 
gross weight is less than five thousand pounds and which are registered for commercial use, on 
ways, parkways or boulevards where noncommercial passenger-type vehicles are permitted to 
operate.  No such signs, lights, signal systems, traffic devices, parking meters or markings shall 
be erected or maintained on any state highway by any authority other than the department except 
with its written approval as to location, shape, size and color thereof, and except during such 

--- PAGE 82 ---
14 
time as said approval is in effect.  The department may, after notice, revoke any approval granted 
under this section.  Except as otherwise provided in section two E, any rule, regulation, order, 
Regulation or by-law which excludes motor vehicles from state highways shall be invalid and of 
no effect.  Except as hereinafter provided, any rule, regulation, order, Regulation or by-law of a 
city of town hereafter made or promulgated relative to or in connection with the erection or 
maintenance of signs, traffic control signals, traffic devices, school zones, parking meters, or 
markings on any way within its control shall take effect without department approval provided 
such of signs, traffic control signals, traffic devices, school zones, parking meters, or markings 
are in conformance with the department’s current manual on uniform traffic control devices and 
the department’s sample regulations for a standard municipal traffic code; provided, however, 
that such rule, regulation, order, Regulation or by-law shall not take effect until approved in 
writing by the department, or be effective after such approval is revoked, if made or promulgated 
relative to or in connection with the following: (1) any way at its intersection or junction with a 
state highway; (2) any project which is or was federally aided, in whole or in part; (3) any traffic 
control signal or flasher in any city or town which does not employ a registered professional 
engineer in the commonwealth to design, redesign or change the timing and sequence of signal 
or flasher; (4) any sign excluding heavy commercial vehicles; (5) any school zone establishment 
or signing in relation to which the city or town intends to seek reimbursement from the 
commonwealth; (6) any one-way street sign not placed at an intersection of public ways; (7) any 
rule, regulation, order, Regulation or by-law of a city or town which when made or promulgated 
would exclude motor vehicle travel on any existing way which connects one city or town with 
another, unless such rule, regulation, order, Regulation or by-law was promulgated in 
compliance with the following: (a) the rule-making body of the city or town initiating such rule, 
regulation, order, Regulation or by-law gives written notice of such action to the chief executive 
officer of the abutting city, town or county into which the said way extends, and (b) a public 
hearing is held by the city, town, or county initiating such alteration, relocation, or 
discontinuance, public notice of which must be published for each of the two weeks preceding 
such hearing in a newspaper of general circulation in the abutting city or town into which the 
said way extends, and (c) after concurrence in writing by the chief executive officer of the 
abutting city or town into which the said way extends or his designee.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, speed control signs may be established only in accordance with the provisions of 
section eighteen of chapter ninety.  If any city or town installs and maintains any of the aforesaid 
traffic control devices without either requesting or obtaining the required approval or after being 
notified of such disapproval, or in noncompliance with said manual, the department shall 
withhold or withdraw the unexpended balance of any funds assigned to the said city or town 
under the provisions of section thirty-four of chapter ninety or sections twenty-five and twenty-
six of chapter eighty-one.  Any traffic control device which has not been erected or maintained in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions may be removed by or under the direction of the 
department and by stored by the department until claimed by the owner or, if not claimed within 
sixty days after written notice to said owner, may be disposed of at the discretion of the 
department.  Color and arrow indications of traffic control signals shall have the commands 
ascribed to them in said manual.  The use of the flashing white walk pedestrian signal indication, 
as defined in the official standards of the department, is prohibited.  The superior court shall have 
jurisdiction in equity to enforce the provisions of this section and section one, and also sections 
one and four of chapter eighty-nine and any rule or regulation made thereunder or to enjoin the 
violation thereof.  The provisions of this section shall not apply to the installation by any city or 

--- PAGE 83 ---
15 
town, on any way within its boundary, of signs warning motorists of the presence of blind, deaf 
or otherwise handicapped children in the vicinity. 
 
MGL Ch. 85, §2A. Snow and ice control operations; removal of vehicles. 
 The department, for the purpose of ensuring the free flow of traffic or for the purpose of 
snow and ice control operations on a state highway, may, by its own employees or with such 
other assistance as it may require, remove or cause to be removed to the nearest convenient place 
any vehicle interfering with such traffic or such operation.  The department shall keep records of 
the registration number of each vehicle so removed and of the place to which it was removed. 
 
MGL Ch. 85, §2B.Limited access and express state highways; regulation of use. 
 The department for purpose of promoting public safety upon limited access and express 
state highways, may from time to time make, alter, rescind or add to regulations to exclude, 
govern and restrict the use of such state highways by horse-drawn vehicles, bicycles, pedestrians, 
and vehicles determined by the department, because of their type or because of materials or 
products being transported, as unsafe for limited access and express state highways, bridges, 
tunnels or overhead highway structures, which regulations may provide penalties for the 
violation thereof not exceeding thirty-five dollars for each offense, excepting regulations 
prohibiting the transportation of unsafe materials or products, the penalties for violation of which 
shall not exceed five hundred dollars for each offense.  The department for the purpose of 
promoting public safety and convenience during periods of commuter and holiday traffic, 
inclement weather conditions or construction activity, or for other good cause, may promulgate 
rules and regulations limiting the time and hours of travel of vehicles one hundred and two 
inches in width, semi-trailers of forty-eight feet in length when operating in semi-trailer unit and 
tandem units, as defined in section one of chapter ninety, on the National Network, as defined in 
section nineteen F of chapter ninety, and routes of reasonable access, as designated by the 
department under provisions of section nineteen G of chapter ninety, or any parts thereof, and 
such rules and regulations may provide penalties for the violation thereof not exceeding five 
hundred dollars for each offense. 
 The state police, may, during declared weather emergencies order all trucks off the roads. 
 
MGL Ch. 90, §17.Speed limits. 
 No person operating a motor vehicle on any way shall run it at a rate of speed greater 
than is reasonable and proper, having regard to traffic and the use of the way and the safety of 
the public.  Unless a way is otherwise posted in accordance with the provisions of section 
eighteen it shall be prima facie evidence of a rate of speed greater than is reasonable and proper 
as aforesaid (1) if a motor vehicle is operated on a divided highway outside a thickly settled or 
business district at a rate of speed exceeding fifty miles per hour for a distance of a quarter of a 
mile, or (2) on any other way outside a thickly settled or business district at a rate of speed 
exceeding forty miles per hour for a distance of a quarter of a mile, or (3) inside a thickly settled 
or business district at a rate of speed exceeding thirty miles per hour for a distance of one-eighth 
of a mile, or (4) within a school zone which may be established by a city or town as provided in 
section two of chapter eighty-five at a rate of speed exceeding twenty miles per hour.  Operation 
of a motor vehicle in excess of fifteen miles per hour within one-tenth of a mile of a vehicle used 
in hawking or peddling merchandise and which displays flashing amber lights shall likewise be 
prima facie evidence of a rate of speed greater than is reasonable and proper.  If a speed limit has 

--- PAGE 84 ---
16 
been duly established upon any way, in accordance with the provisions of said section, operation 
of a motor vehicle at a rate of speed in excess of such limit shall be prima facie evidence that 
such speed is greater than is reasonable and proper; but, notwithstanding such establishment of a 
speed limit, every person operating a motor vehicle shall decrease the speed of the same when a 
special hazard exists with respect to pedestrians or other traffic, or by reason of weather or 
highway conditions.  Except on a limited access highway, no person shall operate a school bus at 
a rate of speed exceeding forty miles per hour, while actually engaged in carrying school 
children. 
 
MGL Ch. 90, §18.Special regulations as to speed. 
 The city council, the transportation commission of the city of Boston, the board of 
selectmen, park commissioners, a traffic commission or traffic director or the department, on 
ways within their control, may make special regulations as to the speed of motor vehicles and 
may prohibit the use of such vehicles altogether on such ways; provided, however, that except in 
the case of a speed regulation no such special regulation shall be effective unless it shall have 
been published in one or more newspapers, if there be any, published in the town in which the 
way is situated, otherwise in one or more newspapers published in the county in which the town 
is situated; nor until after the department, and in the case of a speed regulation the department 
and the registrar, acting jointly, shall have certified in writing that such regulation is consistent 
with the public interests; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed as 
affecting the right of the metropolitan district commission or of the department of environmental 
management to make rules and regulations governing the use and operation of motor vehicles on 
lands, roadways and parkways under its care and control.  No such rule or regulation shall 
prohibit the use of passenger or station wagon type motor vehicles whose gross weight is less 
than five thousand pounds and which are registered for commercial use on ways where 
noncommercial passenger type motor vehicles are permitted to operate.  No such regulation shall 
be effective until there shall have been erected, upon the ways affected thereby and at such 
points as the department and the registrar, acting jointly, may designate, signs, conforming to the 
standards adopted by the department, setting forth the speed or other restrictions established by 
the regulation, and then only during the time such signs are in place.  Any sign, purporting to 
establish a speed limit, which has not been erected in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
may be removed by or under the direction of the department. 
Any person, corporation, firm or trust owning a private parking area or owning land on or 
abutting a private way, or any person, corporation, firm or trust controlling such land or parking 
area, with the written consent of the owner, may apply in writing to the city council, the traffic 
commission of a city or town having a traffic commission, the transportation commission of the 
city of Boston or the board of selectmen in any town in which the private way or parking area 
lies, to make special regulations as to the speed of motor vehicles and as the use of such vehicles 
upon the particular private way or parking area, and the city council with the approval of the 
mayor, the traffic commission of a city or town, the transportation commission of the city of 
Boston or the board of selectmen, as the case may be, may make such special regulations with 
respect to said private way or parking area to the same extent as to ways within their control and 
such special regulations shall not be subject to approval by the department or the registrar; 
provided, however, that any traffic signs, signals, markings or devices used to implement such 
special regulations shall conform in size, shape and color to the most current manual on uniform 
traffic control devices. 

--- PAGE 85 ---
17 
  

--- PAGE 86 ---
18 
APPENDIX B 
RELEVANT FORMS 
Included in this Appendix are the following forms: 
T & P Form 1 – Residential Permit Parking Petition 
T & P Form 2A – Application for Accessible Residential Parking Space 
T & P Form 2D - Application for Accessible Residential Parking Space, to be completed by 
Applicant’s Health Care Provider 
T & P Form 3 – Traffic Calming Request Form 
T & P Form 5 – Private Way Parking Petition 
 

--- PAGE 87 ---
19 
APPENDIX C 
RELEVANT SECTIONS OF SOMERVILLE CODE 
 
ARTICLE VII.  TRAFFIC COMMISSION 
 
Sec. 1. Established; composition; terms of appointment members. 
 There is hereby established in the City of Somerville, hereinafter referred to as the city, a 
traffic commission, consisting of the commissioner of public works, the chief of police or their 
designee, the chief engineer of the fire department or their designee, the chair of the committee 
on traffic and parking of the city council and one member of the general public of the city 
appointed by the mayor and confirmed by the city council. The member appointed by the mayor 
shall serve for a term coterminous with the mayor, or until the qualification of a successor. 
 
Sec. 2 Chairman; compensation of members. 
 The commissioner of public works shall be chair of the traffic commission. The members 
of the traffic commission shall receive no compensation for their services as commissioner, but 
shall be reimbursed by the city for any expenses actually and necessarily incurred in the 
performance of their duties. 
 
Sec. 3. Meetings; notice required. 
 Meetings of the traffic commission shall be held on the second Thursday of each month 
unless sooner necessitated for reasons of public safety, welfare or convenience, in which case a 
meeting may be called on motion of the chair. Notice of meetings shall be posted according to 
the provisions of Section twenty-three B of Chapter thirty-nine of the General Laws and shall be 
sent to all commission members, the mayor, the city council, and the planning director. All of 
said persons may attend commission meetings and present their views, but only commission 
members may vote. 
 
Sec. 4 Appointment of certain positions. 
 Upon recommendation of the traffic commission the mayor, with the approval of the city 
council shall have the authority to create the position of director of traffic and parking and 
subordinate staff positions including parking control officers. The mayor shall, with the approval 
of the city council, make appointments to such positions and shall fix their compensation. 
 
Sec. 5 Traffic director; qualifications, removal. 
 The traffic director shall be a traffic engineer, possessing the qualifications required for 
associate or full membership in the Institute of Traffic Engineers and their position shall not be 
subject to Chapter thirty-one of the General Laws. They may be removed for cause after a public 
hearing, upon a four-fifths vote of the entire city council. 
 
Sec. 6 Board of traffic and parking – Established; composition; terms; compensation. 
 There is hereby established in the City of Somerville a board of traffic and parking, 
hereinafter referred to as the traffic board, consisting of three persons to be appointed as follows: 
one by the mayor for a term of one year, one by majority vote of the city council for a term of 
two years and one by vote of the first two members for a term of three years; provided, however, 
that if, after thirty days from the appointment of the first two members the third member has not 

--- PAGE 88 ---
20 
been agreed to, such member shall be appointed by the mayor, subject to their confirmation by 
the city council. Upon the expiration of the term of a member, their successor shall be appointed 
for a term of three years. Members shall be eligible for reappointment. No person holding public 
office in said city shall be eligible for appointment. A member shall not receive any 
compensation for their services, but shall be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses incurred by 
them in carrying out their duties. The chair of the traffic board shall be chosen by and from its 
membership. 
 
Sec. 7. Same – Functions. 
 The traffic board shall carry out the functions prescribed in clause (b) of section three 
(section 8(b) of this article) and, in addition, shall be available to the traffic commission for 
advice and consultation with respect to all of its activities. 
 
Sec. 8 Powers and duties. 
 The traffic commission shall have exclusive authority, except as otherwise provided in 
this Act, to take any and all of the following actions, if it determines that such actions serve the 
public safety, welfare or convenience.  Subject to the provisions of Section two of Chapter 
eighty-five of the General Laws: 
  
(a) The traffic commission may adopt, alter or repeal rules and regulations, not 
inconsistent with General Law as modified by this Act, relative to vehicular and 
pedestrian traffic in the streets of the city, and to the movement, stopping, standing or 
parking of vehicles on, and their exclusion from, all or any streets, ways, highways, 
roads and parkways under the control of the city, including rules and regulations 
designating any way or part thereof under such control as a through way under and 
subject to the provisions of Section nine of Chapter eighty-nine of the General Laws.  
Any rule or regulation adopted under this clause, prohibiting the parking or standing 
of vehicles on the whole or any part or parts of one or more streets, ways, highways, 
roads or parkways under the control of the city, may provide that it shall not apply in 
such residential areas as shall be specified, and at such times as shall be prescribed, in 
such rule or regulation, to any motor vehicle registered under Chapter ninety of the 
General Laws as principally garaged in the city and owned or used by a person 
residing in such area, who, in the year in which such vehicle is parked or in the 
preceding December for such year, shall have given, by a writing executed in such 
form and detail as such rule or regulation shall prescribe, and filed with the chief of 
police, notice of intention to park in such area and shall display in a conspicuous 
place on such vehicle, while parked, such visible evidence of the giving of such 
notice as such rule or regulation shall prescribe; but neither the giving of such notice 
nor the issuance of visible evidence of the giving thereof shall be construed to assign 
any specific space to any person or vehicle. The traffic commission may, with the 
approval of the mayor and city council, prescribe a schedule of fines not exceeding 
fifteen dollars for each violation of parking regulations in the calendar year as 
authorized by Section twenty-C of Chapter ninety of the General Laws. All other 
violations of regulations adopted under the provisions of this Act, except as otherwise 
provided by statute, shall be subject to fives not to exceed fifty dollars for each 
offense as set forth in the regulations. 

--- PAGE 89 ---
21 
 
No adoption, alteration or repeal of a regulation shall take effect until public notice of 
the proposed action has been given, except with respect to such special rules or 
regulations as are declared by the traffic commission to be urgently required for the 
public safety or welfare or such as are of a temporary nature and are to be effective 
for a period of not more than three weeks. Public notice shall be given by publication 
in full of the proposed adoption, alteration or repeal not less than once in each of 
three successive weeks in one or more newspapers published or distributed in the city.  
The public notice shall include a statement of the effective date of the proposed 
action, which shall not be less than twenty-one days following the first of the three 
newspaper publications. 
 
(b) Upon the filing of petitions with the traffic board by not less than fifty registered 
voters of the city, relative to any rule or regulation proposed to be adopted, altered or 
repealed, and not yet in effect, the proposed action shall be suspended, and the traffic 
board shall hold a public hearing thereon within two weeks of the date the petitions 
were filed, and shall by majority vote approve or disapprove the proposed action 
within two weeks following the public hearing. Upon the filing of petitions with the 
traffic board by not less than fifty registered voters of the city, relative to any rule or 
regulation which has been adopted, altered or repealed for a period of at least thirty 
days, the traffic board shall hold a public hearing thereon within two weeks of the 
date the petitions were filed and shall, following such hearing, determine by majority 
vote whether to avoid the adoption, alteration or repeal of the rule or regulation. 
 
(c) The traffic commission may erect, make and maintain, or cause to be erected, made 
and maintained, traffic signs, signals, markings and other devices for the control of 
traffic and parking in the city and for informing and warning the public as to rules and 
regulations adopted under this act, subject, however, to Section two of Chapter 
eighty-five and to Sections eight and nine of Chapter eighty-nine of the General 
Laws. 
 
(d) The traffic commission may recommend to the city council the alteration, 
construction, erection, installation and maintenance of street lights. 
 
(e) The traffic commission, with the approval of the mayor, may retain the services of 
qualified consultants when such retention is deemed necessary or advisable. 
 
(f) The traffic commission may promulgate regulations that provide that any sergeant or 
officer of higher rank in the police department may cause to be removed to some 
convenient place by towing by an independent contractor any vehicle except a vehicle 
owned by the Commonwealth or a political subdivision thereof or by the United 
States or an instrumentality thereof or registered by a member of a foreign diplomatic 
corps or by a foreign consular officer who is not a citizen of the United States and 
bearing distinctive number plate otherwise conspicuously marked as so owned or 
registered, and except a vehicle owned by a disabled veteran or handicapped person 
and bearing a distinctive number place, which is parked or standing on any part of 

--- PAGE 90 ---
22 
any street, way, highway, road or parkway if in the calendar year in which such 
vehicle is so removed and in the preceding calendar year, five or more notices, in the 
aggregate, have been affixed to said vehicle, as provided in Section twenty C of 
Chapter ninety of the General Laws, and remain unpaid and the cost of such removal 
and of storage charges resulting therefrom, in accordance with the traffic regulations 
then in effect, shall be imposed on the owner of such vehicle.  Any such vehicle so 
removed shall be held until all charges imposed for such removal and storage 
following the same have been paid and due notice has been received that the fines 
provided in such notices affixed to said vehicle have been paid or security for the 
payment thereof has been deposited.  The police department shall promptly mail 
written notice to the registered owner of any such vehicle so removed, directed to the 
address furnished by the registry of motor vehicles or comparable agency of the state 
in which said vehicle is registered, stating the date on which such vehicle was 
removed, the location to which such vehicle has been removed, and a statement that 
such vehicle shall be released by the police on the payment of all fines, storage and 
towing charges due.  Any such vehicle so removed shall be deemed to have been 
abandoned and may be disposed of in accordance with Section twenty-two C of said 
Chapter ninety if, within thirty days of the mailing of the notice to the registered 
owner as provided for herein, said owner has not paid all charges imposed for such 
removal and storage following the same and the fines provided in such notices affixed 
to said vehicle or security for the payment thereof has been deposited. 
 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize the traffic commission to adopt, alter 
or repeal any rule or regulation excluding the trackless trolley vehicles or buses of a street 
railway or bus company from any way or part thereof in which said company has a location; or 
to modify or limit any power or authority of the metropolitan district commission or the 
departments of public works or public utilities of the Commonwealth; or to modify or limit any 
power or authority of the mayor, city council or of any board or head of a department with 
reference to the issuance of licenses or permits for the opening, using or occupying of streets and 
sidewalks for reasons not relating to traffic. 
 
Sec. 9 Enforcement. 
 The planning director, the chief of police, the chief engineer of the fire department, the 
commissioner of public works, the city engineer, the city electrician and city solicitor shall be 
available to the traffic commission to advise on matters relating to their respective departments 
and shall be responsible for putting into effect the rules and regulations adopted by the traffic 
commission in so far as such rules and regulations relate to their respective departments. The 
traffic commission shall cooperate with the planning board and with such public carriers as may 
be authorized and licensed to render service within the city, on matters relating to traffic 
planning, and shall cooperate with the planning board on all matters that may relate to the need 
for, location, construction, erection and maintenance of public parking facilities or of private 
parking facilities for public use within the city.  When it is necessary to coordinate with federal, 
state or other local agencies on matters of traffic movement and traffic planning, the traffic 
commission may serve as liaison for the city. 
 
Sec. 10. Existing Regulations, orders, etc., to remain in effect. 

--- PAGE 91 ---
23 
 All existing orders, Regulations, rules and regulations relating to the control of vehicular 
traffic, including those relating to the parking of vehicles on any streets, ways, highways, roads 
and parkways, under the control of the city, shall remain in full force and effect until superseded 
by rules and regulations adopted by the traffic commission pursuant to clause (a) of section three 
(section 8(a) of this article), and the adoption thereof shall not affect any act done, and right 
accrued, any penalty incurred or any suit, prosecution or proceeding pending at the time of such 
adoption. 
 
Sec. 11Revocation of Act after acceptance. 
 At any time after the expiration of two years from the date of acceptance of this Act, such 
acceptance may be revoked by a two-thirds vote of the city council, subject to a referendum 
which shall be held at the municipal election next succeeding each vote.  Upon such revocation, 
all existing rules and regulations shall remain in full force and effect until superseded by orders, 
Regulations, rules or regulations adopted in accordance with the provisions of law then 
applicable to said city, and neither such revocation nor adoption of superseding orders, 
Regulations, rules or regulations shall affect any act done, and right accrued, any penalty 
incurred or any suit, prosecution or proceeding pending, prior to revocation or adoption. 
 
Sec. 12Effective date. 
 This Act shall take effect upon its acceptance by the City of Somerville. 

--- PAGE 92 ---
1 
Schedule A 
Bus Stops 
 
Street Side Location Length 
Beacon Street West At #45 70 feet 
  At Calvin Street 40 feet 
  At Washington Street 40 feet 
  At Park Street 30 feet 
 East At Washington Street 60 feet 
  At Smith Avenue 60 feet 
  At Cooney Avenue 60 feet 
  Opposite Concord Avenue 40 feet 
Boston Avenue North #178 55 feet 
 South At Mystic Valley Parkway 40 feet 
Bow Street North At Warren Avenue 120 feet 
  #51 65 feet 
Broadway North At Austin Street 55 feet 
  At Illinois Avenue 90 feet 
  At Cross Street East 75 feet 
  At Fellsway W 90 feet 
  At Temple Street 110 feet 
  At Winter Hill Plaza 90 feet 
  At Main Street 60 feet 
  Opposite Glenwood Road 40 feet 
  At Medford St – Magoun Square 55 feet 
  At Alfred Street 70 feet 
  At Boston Ave – Ball Square 100 feet 
  At Pearson Avenue 40 feet 
  At Warner Street – Powder House 
Square 
130 feet 
  At Walker Street 100 feet 
  At Leonard Street 85 feet 
  At Mason Street 45 feet 
  At Packard Avenue 45 feet 
  At Curtis Street 60 feet 
  At Dickson Street 80 feet 
  At Belknap Street 60 feet 
  At North Street 70 feet 
  Opposite Clarendon Hill Busway 40 feet 
 South At Garrison Avenue 60 feet 
  At Weston Avenue 35 feet 
  Opposite Packard Avenue 75 feet 
  At Simpson Avenue 40 feet 
  At Billingham Street 70 feet 
  Opposite Warner Street – Powder 
House Square 
100 feet 
  At Bay State Avenue 40 feet 
  At Josephine Avenue – Ball Square 60 feet 
  At Cedar Street 75 feet 
  At Hinckley Street – Magoun Square 60 feet 
  At Medford Street – Magoun Square 40 feet 
  At Bartlett Street 40 feet 

--- PAGE 93 ---
2 
  Opposite Main Street 55 feet 
  At Thurston Street 50 feet 
  At Marshall Street 45 feet 
  At Montgomery Avenue 40 feet 
  At Cross Street 50 feet 
  At Glen Street 60 feet 
  At Lincoln Street 50 feet 
  At Mt. Vernon Street 40 feet 
College Avenue East At Francesca Avenue 50 feet 
  At Warner Street 130 feet 
  At Dearborn Street 50 feet 
 West At Professors Row 40 feet 
  At Powder House Sq 80 feet 
  At Broadway 100 feet 
  At William Street 50 feet 
  At Winter Street 55 feet 
Cross Street West At Broadway 115 feet 
  At Otis Street 90 feet 
  At Pearl Street 35 feet 
  At Auburn Street 50 feet 
  At Chester Avenue 35 feet 
 East At Alston Street 15 feet 
  At Fountain Avenue 40 feet 
  At Pearl Street 50 feet 
  At Ellsworth Street 45 feet 
  At Broadway 115 feet 
Elm Street East At Porter Street 40 feet 
  At Cedar Street 50 feet 
  At Hancock Street 65 feet 
  At Saint James Avenue 50 feet 
  At Cutter Avenue 80 feet 
 West At Chester Street 55 feet 
  At Russell Street 50 feet 
   At Beech Street 55 feet 
  Opposite Hancock Street 70 feet 
  At Mossland Street 40 feet 
  Opposite Porter Street 40 feet 
Grand Union Blvd East At Foley Street 100 feet 
  At Canal Street 140 feet 
 West Opposite Artisan Way 135 feet 
  At Foley Street 35 feet 
Highland Avenue North At Medford Street 75 feet 
  At Walnut Street 60 feet 
  #75 opposite Putnam Street 100 feet 
  At School Street 100 feet 
  #125 50 feet 
  At Central Street 70 feet 
  At Benton Road 50 feet 
  At Lowell Street 60 feet 
  #235 40 feet 
  #263 55 feet 
  At Cedar Street 50 feet 

--- PAGE 94 ---
3 
  At Cherry Street 50 feet 
  At Willow Avenue 50 feet 
 South At Cutter Avenue 40 feet 
  At Willow Avenue 50 feet 
  At Cherry Street 50 feet 
  At Cedar Street 40 feet 
  At Conwell Street 40 feet 
  At Tower Street 80 feet 
  At Lowell Street 35 feet 
  At Benton Road 45 feet 
  At Central Street 30 feet 
  At Trull Lane 80 feet 
  At School Street 50 feet 
  At Vinal Avenue 50 feet 
  At Walnut Street 80 feet 
Holland Street East At Simpson Avenue 50 feet 
  Opposite Cameron Avenue 50 feet 
 West At Cameron Avenue 40 feet 
  At Jay Street 40 feet 
  Opposite #3 65 feet 
Main Street North At Moreland Street 30 feet 
 South Opposite Moreland Street 45 feet 
  At Broadway 60 feet 
Medford Street North At School Street 85 feet 
  At Sycamore Street 70 feet 
  At Central Street 50 feet 
  At Bartlett Street 60 feet 
  At Broadway 50 feet 
 South At Broadway 45 feet 
  At Glenwood Road 50 feet 
  At Central Street 60 feet 
  At Sycamore Street 60 feet 
  At School Street 65 feet 
  At Highland Avenue 30 feet 
Park Street West At Beacon Street 60 feet 
Pearl Street North At Cross Street 70 feet 
  At McGrath Highway 30 feet 
  At Wesley Street 40 feet 
  At Walnut Street 60 feet 
  At Bradley Street 70 feet 
 South At Skilton Avenue 70 feet 
  At Walnut Street 55 feet 
  At McGrath Highway 50 feet 
Prospect Street West At Oak Street 40 feet 
 East At Webster Avenue 50 feet 
  At Union Square – Green Line 80 feet 
Somerville Ave North At Merriam Street 60 feet 
  At Stone Avenue 70 feet 
  At Church Street 50 feet 
  At School Street 60 feet 
  At Loring Street 45 feet 

--- PAGE 95 ---
4 
  At Central Street 50 feet 
  At Spring Street 80 feet 
  At Lowell Street 75 feet 
  At Elm Street 40 feet 
  At Mossland Street 65 feet 
 South Opposite Beacon Terrace 150 feet 
  Opposite Elm Street 40 feet 
  At Sacramento Street 40 feet 
  #594 60 feet 
  Opposite Central Street 80 feet 
  Opposite Loring Street 70 feet 
  Opposite School Street 50 feet 
  At Carlton Street 45 feet 
  At Hawkins Street 45 feet 
  Opposite Stone Avenue 65 feet 
  At Linden Street 55 feet 
  Opposite Mansfield Street 60 feet 
Washington St North At Mt. Vernon Street 50 feet 
  At Myrtle Street 90 feet 
  At Tufts Street 80 feet 
  At McGrath Highway  
  At Boston Street 70 feet 
  At Washington Terrace 45 feet 
  At Webster Avenue 50 feet 
  Opposite Parker Street 45 feet 
  At Dane Street 90 feet 
  At Beacon Street 50 feet 
 South At Caldwell Street 50 feet 
  At Bowdoin Street 70 feet 
  Opposite Hawkins Street 60 feet 
  At Merriam Street 40 feet 
  At Medford Street 30 feet 
  At New Washington Street 65 feet 
  Opposite Myrtle Street 100 feet 
  At Innerbelt Road 100 feet 
Webster Avenue East At Prospect Street 70 feet 
 West At Newton Street 70 feet 
  At Norfolk Street 60 feet 

--- PAGE 96 ---
1 
Schedule B 
Taxicab Stands 
 
Location Side From  To 
Day Street North 75 ft. west of Elm Street Elm Street 
 

--- PAGE 97 ---
1 
Schedule C 
Loading/Service Zones 
 
Street Side From To Restrictions 
Beacon Street West 20 ft south of Roseland St 
(#378) 
60 ft south of Roseland St 9:00am-7:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
  130 ft west of Forest Street 
(#356-358) 
108 ft west of Forest Street 8:00am-10:00pm 
  #288 #298 8:00am-10:00pm, 
permit parking all other 
times 
  #244   
 East #9 #11 Loading Zone 8am-
4pm, 2 hour except by 
permit 4pm-2:30am, 
permit only 2:30am-
8am 
  20 ft east of Waldo Ave 40 ft east of Waldo Ave 8:00am-6:00pm 
  #125   
Berkeley Street South Central Street 80 ft east 7:00am-4:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
Boston Avenue West #152 50 feet south 24/7 
  #699 Medford city line 8:00am-6:00pm 
Bow Street South #18-20  24/7 
  #30 30 ft 24/7 
  #38 20 ft 7:00am-5:00pm, Only 
Live Deliveries 
 North #71 40 ft. 24/7 
Broadway North 15.5 feet west of Barton St 18 feet west 8:00am-12:00am 
  #1161  8:00am-6:00pm 
  #1141  1:00pm-6:00pm, 
metered parking 
8:00am-1:00pm and 
6:00pm-8:00pm 
  #1123-1127  24/7 
  #729 - 20 feet west of Bristol 
Rd 
60 feet west of Bristol Rd 24/7 
  #705-707 - 100 ft. east of 
Bristol Rd 
140 ft. east of Bristol Rd 24/7 
  #523  8am-6pm 
  #173 3 meters 8:00am-12:00pm, 
metered parking 
12:00pm-8:00pm 
  #141 40 ft 8:00am-4:00pm 
  #93 - 125 ft. east of Illinois 
Ave 
155 ft. east of Illinois Ave 10:00am-10:00pm 
  #79 30 ft 8:00am-12:00pm 
 South #1122 40 ft 24/7 
  #1060 Beside garage entrance 8:00am-6:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
  46 ft west of Josephine Ave 20 ft west of Josephine Ave 8:00am-6:00pm 

--- PAGE 98 ---
2 
  #296 – 198 ft from Sargent 
Ave 
Extending 17.5 ft 24/7 
  #290 - 85 ft from Sargent Ave Extending 20 ft 8:00am-6:00pm 
  #168 - 30 ft. west of Cross St. 65 ft. west of Cross St. 8:00am-10:00pm 
  #164 40 ft 24/7 
  #112 - 80 ft. east of Glen St. 120 ft. east of Glen St. 8:00am-10:00pm 
  #88   8:00am-12:00pm, 
metered parking 
12:00pm-8:00pm 
  #78  8:00am-6:00pm 
  #28  8:00am-6:00pm 
Calvin Street North Beacon St 40 ft east 7:00am-5:00pm 
Chester Street North Elm 25 ft west 7:00am-5:00pm, Live 
Deliveries Only 
 South 25 ft west of Elm St 150 ft west of Elm St 7:00am-11:00am, 
metered 11:00am-
8:00pm (2017-8) 
(2017-12) 
  150 ft west of Elm St 175 ft west of Elm St 7:00am-5:00pm, Live 
Deliveries Only 
College Avenue West #40  8:00am-10:00pm 
 West #132 40 ft 8:00am-10:00pm, 
permit parking only 
10:00pm-8:00am 
Columbia Street  #495 (30 ft south of Windsor 
Pl) 
60 ft south of Windsor Pl 8:00am-5:00pm, permit 
parking 5:00pm-
8:00am 
  #517  8:00am-5:00pm, No 
Parking 5:00pm-
8:00am 
Conwell Avenue North #57 (40 ft west of Hillsdale 
Road) 
Hillsdale Road 8:00am-6:00pm 
Cross Street East 25 ft south of Ellsworth St Extending 30 ft 8:00am-6:00pm 
  100 ft south of Pearl St 40 ft south of Pearl St 8:00am-6:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
 West #45 To Everett Ave (4 spaces) 8:15am-2:15pm and 
2:45-6:00pm Mon-Fri 
and from 8:00am-
6:00pm on Sat 
Cross Street East East 30 ft. north of Broadway  70 ft. north of Broadway Loading Zone 8:00am-
7:00pm, permit parking 
all other times 
Curtis Street West 40 feet north of Broadway 80 feet north of Broadway  
Day Street West #45 - 173'S of Herbert St 193'S of Herbert St 8:00am-6:00pm 
Dover Street South 40 ft west of Elm St 145 ft west of Elm St 8:00am-12:00pm Live 
Deliveries Only, 
metered parking 
12:00pm-8:00pm 
Elm Street South #260 – 160 ft east of Day St 200 ft east of Day St 24/7 
  35 ft east of Davenport St 130 ft east of Davenport St  
 North #255 – 35 ft west of Chester St 80 ft west of Chester St 24/7 
  #95 - 94 ft west of Cherry St 22 ft west 8:00am-6:00pm 

--- PAGE 99 ---
3 
  #63 – 145 ft west of Cedar St 170 ft west of Cedar St 7:00am-5:00pm 
Foley Street SE All   
Fremont Street  #37 20 ft 8:00am-6:00pm 
George Street  #11 20 ft 8:00am-1:00pm, Mon-
Fri 
Grand Union 
Boulevard 
East #625 Approx. 60 feet 24/7  
 West 430 ft. south of Foley St 505 ft. south of Foley St 24/7 
Grant Street  East 20 ft. north of Broadway  Approx. 60 feet Mondays, Wednesdays, 
Thursdays, 7:00am-
7:00pm  
Greenville Street East 70 ft south of McGrath 
Highway 
35 ft south of McGrath 
Highway 
7:00am-7:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
 West 35 ft south of McGrath 
Highway 
70 ft south of McGrath 
Highway 
7:00am-7:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
Grove Street  Grove Street Lot A (west side 
between Elm St and Highland 
Ave) 
 24/7, Live Deliveries 
Only 
Highland Avenue North #79-81 (High School 
Concourse, east side) 
60 ft 24/7 
  #191 (Armory) 55 ft. 7:00am-11:00pm, 
permit parking all other 
times 
  211-213 Highland Ave 70 feet 8:00am-2:30am, permit 
parking all other times 
  #235 - 105 ft east of Crocker St 80 ft east of Crocker St  
  #259 20 ft 7:00AM-5:00PM, Live 
Deliveries Only 
  #351 20 ft  
  #413 20 ft 8:00am-10:00pm 
 South #416-418 30 ft 7:00am-6:00pm, Live 
Deliveries Only 
  #352 - 95 ft west of Willow 
Ave 
Willow Ave 24/7 
  #152 - Central St 40 ft east of Central St 7:00am-11:00pm 
  #100 10 ft east of hydrant 2 ft west of driveway 8:00am-6:00pm, 20 
minute passenger 
vehicle parking 
  #92  8:00am-8:00pm 
  #22 - 55 ft west of Thorpe St 80 ft west of Thorpe St 7:00am-11:00pm 
Holland Street North 50 ft west of Simpson Ave 85 ft west of Simpson Ave 24/7 
  231-239  8am-2pm 
  223-225  8am-2pm 
 South Buena Vista Rd Winter St 9:00am-10:00pm, bus 
lane 6:00am-9:00am 
Lowden Avenue East 65 ft south of Broadway 80 ft south of Broadway 8:00am-6:00pm 
Lowell Street East #229  6:00am-6:00pm 
  #231  6:00am-6:00pm 
Mansfield Street East 20 ft south of Washington St 50 ft south of Washington St 8am-6pm 
Marshall Street West 20 ft south of Broadway 40 ft 24/7 
McGrath Hwy* South 70 ft west of Middlesex Ave 115 ft west of Middlesex Ave 24/7 

--- PAGE 100 ---
4 
Meacham Road North 105 ft west of Dover St 170 ft west of Dover St 8:00am-10:00pm 
 East 20 ft north of Buena Vista Rd 80 ft north of Buena Vista Rd 8:00am-6:00pm 
Medford Street North #297 30 ft, between the two curb 
cuts 
Monday-Friday 8am-
6pm 
  #525 30 ft 9:00am-5:00pm 
  30 ft west of Dexter St Medford city line 24/7 
 South #500  8:00am-12:00pm, Live 
Deliveries Only, 
metered parking 
12:00pm-8:00pm 
  #420  9:00am-4:00pm 
Merriam Street East 20 ft south of Washington St 35 ft south of Washington St 8:00am-6:00pm 
 East 20 ft. south of Somerville Ave 85 ft south of Somerville Ave 
(Residential driveway) 
24/7 
Middlesex 
Avenue 
West #74 (95 ft south of McGrath 
Hwy) 
140 ft south of McGrath Hwy 24/7 
Moore Street East 30 ft. south of Holland St 65 ft. south of Holland St 24/7 
Mossland Street North 20'S of Elm Street 55'S of Elm Street  
Paulina Street West 105 ft north of Holland Street 130 ft north of Holland St  
Pearl Street North 50 ft east of Franklin St 90 ft east of Franklin St  
School Street East 190 ft north of Highland Ave 150 ft north of Highland Ave 8:00am-5:00pm 
Simpson Avenue East 20 ft. north of Holland St. 50 ft. north of Holland St. 24/7 
Somerville 
Avenue 
South 125 ft. east of Park Street 155 ft. east of Park Street 8:00am-10:00pm 
  #220   
 North #307 40 ft 24/7 
  #337-345  24/7 
  #359 40 ft 8:00am-10:0am, 
metered parking 
10:00am-8:00pm 
  #445-447 60 ft 8:00am-10:00pm, 
permit parking all other 
times 
  #577 35 ft 8:00am-8:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
South Street South #101 75 ft 6:00am-10:00pm, 
permit parking all other 
times 
Summer Street North #381 40 ft 24/7 
  #351 60 ft 24/7 
Temple Street East 20 ft. north of Broadway 70 ft. north of Broadway 24/7 
Thorndike Street East 20 ft. south of Holland 60 ft. south of Holland St. 8:00am-2:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
Tufts Street East Nearest #19/23 40 feet 8:00am-8:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
  Nearest #45/47 40 feet 8:00am-8:00pm, permit 
parking all other times 
Union Square South Adjacent to #15 Union Square 40 ft 24/7 
Vernon Street North Bartlett Street Central Street  
Vine Street  Front of St. Anthony's Church 200' from Somerville Avenue  
 West Somerville Avenue 50 feet south  

--- PAGE 101 ---
5 
Wallace Street East 25'N of Holland Street Holland Street  
Walnut Street East 70'N of Pearl Street 20'N of Pearl Street 8:00am-5:00pm 
Washington Street North #435 55 ft. 24/7 
  #263-265  24/7 
  #255-257 – Union Sq Parking 
Lot 
2 spaces at the beginning 7am-6pm 
  #171 20 ft 7:00am-5:00pm 
  #85 30 ft Tuesdays 6:00am-
6:00pm 
  #25 20 ft Live Deliveries Only 
8:00am-6:00pm 
Webster Avenue  #24  8:00am-6:00pm 
Willow Avenue East 62 ft south of Broadway 105 ft south of Broadway 8:00am-6:00pm 
  Elm St 40 ft north 9:00am-6:00pm 
Windsor Street West South Street 170 ft south 8:00am-6:00pm 
 

--- PAGE 102 ---
1 
Schedule D 
Parking Location and Prohibitions 
 
Location Side From To  Time/Day 
Restrictions 
Adams Street North Medford Street 40 feet east NPAT 
Albion St North Centre St 20 feet east NPHTC 
  30 feet east of Cedar St  NPHTC 
Albion St South 28 feet east of Cedar St  NPHTC 
  #83  2Hr 8:30am-6pm 
  #112  2Hr Parking 
8am-2:30am 
Aldersey St North 33 feet west of Walnut St  NPHTC 
  #6  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
7am-5pm (Mon-
Sat) 
Alpine Street South Cedar Street 65 feet east NPAT 
Assembly Sq Dr  Foley St, after bus stop 40  
ft 
Pick Up/Drop 
Off, Mon-Sat 
9am-4pm 
Argenziano 
School 
 One space at the entrance  NPAT 
Artisan Way  461 463 Police Vehicles 
Only 
Austin Street West 40 feet north of Broadway Broadway NPAT 
Autumn Street Both Bonair Street Broadway No Parking Any 
Time 
Avon Street North Extending 28ft from Central 
St 
 NPHTC (2008-
20) 
Avon Street  At #1  Ext 20ft NPAT  
Bartlett Street North Medford Street 40 feet east NPAT 
 South Medford Street 25 feet east NPAT 
Barton Street West 60 feet north of Broadway Broadway 2 hr limit 
8AM-6PM 
 East 45 feet north of Broadway Broadway NPAT 
Bay State 
Avenue 
Both Broadway 40 feet south All 
Beacon Street West Somerville Ave 40 feet south of Roseland Street All 
  60 ft. south of Roseland St 100 ft. south of Roseland St Valet Parking 
Only 
  #88 #94 (between the driveways) NPAT 
 SW 40 feet SE of Washington St  NPHTC 
  31 feet west of Scott St 24 feet east of Scott St NPHTC 
 East Somerville Ave 180 feet south All 
  Concord Avenue 30 feet east All 
  #147  Seasonal 
removal of “Two 
Hour Parking”  
  220 ft. south of Somerville 
Ave 
260 ft. south of Somerville Ave NPAT 
 Both   2hr parking 
except by permit 

--- PAGE 103 ---
2 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Belknap Street West 30 feet north of Broadway Broadway All 
Bennett Street Both Prospect Street 40 feet east All 
Benton Rd Even side 20 ft from Highland Ave Ext. 40ft to the first driveway 2Hr Parking 
8am-2:30am 
 East Summer St Ext 40ft NPHTC 
Billingham St East Broadway 35 feet south All 
Bonair St North Intersection with Walnut 30ft to driveway NPHTC 
 South 58 ft. west of Cross St 178 ft. west of Cross St School Bus 
Parking Only, 
7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday, 
Sept-June/RPP 
all other times 
Bond Street Both Broadway 40 feet north All 
Bonner Avenue  East North of Washington Street  50 ft (removing approximately 
3 parking spaces) 
Temporary 
relocation of the 
Union Square 
Hubway Station. 
 
Boston Ave East 47 feet east of Rogers 
Avenue 
40 feet east 1 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  Pearson Av Broadway 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am  
 West Medford Line Broadway All 
  40 feet south of Broadway 100 feet south 2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
Boston Street North 38 feet east of Walnut St  NPHTC 
Boston Street  West Washington Street  First 4 spaces  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am 
Boston Street  East Washington Street  First 2 spaces  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am  
Bow Street North 120 feet west of Summer St Summer Street All 
  Wesley Park 115 feet south of Wesley Park All 
  50 feet north of Walnut St 40 feet south of Walnut Street All 
  80 feet north of Warren Ave Warren Avenue All 
 South 15 feet east of Bow Street 
Pl 
100 feet east of Bow Street Pl All 
  60 feet west of Wesley Park 30 feet east of Wesley Park All 
  80 feet north of Warren Ave Warren Avenue All 
  16 feet west of #26 #26 All 

--- PAGE 104 ---
3 
  #41 #68 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
 All Sides Traffic Island at intersection 
of westerly end of Bow 
Street and Somerville Ave 
 All 
  Traffic Island at intersection 
of Summer Street and Bow 
Street 
 All 
  Traffic Island at intersection 
of Bow Street, Warren 
Avenue, and Somerville 
Ave 
 All 
Bristol Road West 85 feet north of Broadway 27 feet north of Broadway 2 hour limit  
8AM-6PM 
  25ft north of Broadway Ext 60ft 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
 East 120 feet north of Broadway 40 feet north of Broadway 1 hour limit  
8AM-6PM 
  40ft north of Broadway Ext 80ft 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Broadway North Alewife Brook Parkway 205 feet east All 
  Waterhouse Street 110 feet east All 
  Clarendon Avenue 120 feet east of Holland Street All 
  265 feet west of North 
Street 
North Street All 
  Dickson Street 40 feet east All 
  # 4  15 Minute 
Parking 
  57 feet west of Paulina 
Street 
Paulina Street All 
  Mt. Vernon Lot  2 Spaces 
“Parking for 
Electric Vehicles 
only”  
  95 feet west of 
Powderhouse Boulevard 
Powderhouse Boulevard All 
  235 feet west of Bristol 
Road 
43 feet west of Bristol Road 1 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  42 feet east of Bristol Road 122 feet east of Bristol Road 1 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  Warner Street 85 feet east All 
  77 feet west of Boston 
Avenue 
57 feet west of Boston Avenue 1 hour limit 
8am-6pm 
  Boston Avenue 360 feet east All 
  70 feet west of Medford St Medford Street All 

--- PAGE 105 ---
4 
  50 feet west of Broadway 
Terrace Exit 
Broadway Terrace Exit All 
  55 feet west of Glenwood 
Rd 
5 feet west of Glenwood Road All 
  10 feet east of Bartlett 
Street 
55 feet east of Bartlett Street All 
  135 feet west of Langmaid 
Avenue 
65 feet west of Langmaid 
Avenue 
All 
  Temple Street 125 feet east of Temple Street All 
  Wheatland Street Kensington Avenue All 
  270 feet west of Broadway 
Terrace 
Broadway Terrace All 
  Cross Street East 30 feet east All 
  57 feet east of Indiana Ave 90 feet east of Indiana Avenue All 
  Franklin Street 20 feet east 2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  50 feet west of 
Pennsylvania Avenue 
Pennsylvania Avenue All 
  58 feet west of Austin Street Austin Street All 
  310 feet west of Lombardi 
St 
67 feet west of Lombardi Street 1 hour limit 
  67 feet west of Lombardi St Boston Line All 
  Ramp at #411  All 
  33.5 feet east of North St 23 feet east 2-hr limit 8am to 
6pm 
  #397 #443 Do not block 
entrance 
  Wheatland St. Grant St.@ island 2hr pkg 8am-
6pm M-Sat  
recind 99-14) 
  #81 #87 (East Som. Police 
substation) 
Parking for 
Police Business 
Only 
  Opposite Temple ST  NPAT 
  At Langmaid Av  NPAT 
  At Fenwick St  NPAT 
  Langmaid Av Main St Remove 17 2hr 
Parking Except 
by Permit spaces 
  At Norwood   2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  20 ft. east of Kensington 
Ave 
40 ft. east of Kensington Ave 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  90 ft. east of Cross St. E 110 ft. east of Cross St. E NPAT 
 South 80 feet west of Waterhouse 
Street 
60 feet west of Waterhouse 
Street 
2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  40 feet east of Victoria 
Street 
18 feet east All 

--- PAGE 106 ---
5 
  Clarendon Avenue Holland Street All; no stopping 
  580 feet east of Holland St 780 feet east of Holland Street 7AM-4PM 
  38 feet west of Paulina 
Street 
Paulina Street All 
  Bay State Avenue Lowden Avenue 2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  36 feet east of Lowden 
Avenue 
Willow Avenue 2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  20 feet east of Willow 
Avenue 
105 feet east of Willow Avenue 2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  63 feet east of Josephine 
Avenue 
105 feet east of Josephine 
Avenue 
2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  At Grant St  NPAT 
  Opposite Adams St  NPAT 
  At Mcgrath Hwy  NPAT 
  Opposite Norwood  2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  57 feet west of Rogers Ave Rogers Avenue All 
  Boston Avenue 400 feet east of Boston Avenue All 
  100 feet east of Cedar Street 135 feet east of Cedar Street All 
  Hinckley Street Medford Street All 
  40 feet west of Glenwood 
Rd 
Glenwood Road All 
  40 feet west of Central 
Street 
Central Street All 
  250 feet west of Sycamore 
St 
Sycamore Street All 
  195 feet east of Sycamore 
Street 
275 feet east of Sycamore Street ½ hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  35 feet west of School 
Street 
School Street All 
  150 feet west of Marshall St 55 feet west of Marshall Street All 
  105.5 feet east of Sargent 
Avenue 
19.5 feet east ½ hour limit 
8AM-5PM 
  158 feet east of Sargent 
Avenue 
40 feet east ½ hour limit 
8AM-5PM 
  McGrath Highway MacArthur Street All 
  #483, for a 3 foot area at 
entrance 
 All 
  #876-886  2 hour limit 
  28 feet west of Norwood 
Ave 
Norwood Ave All 
  70 feet east of Marshall St 38 ½ feet east All Pick-
Up/Drop-Off 
only 
  Hinckley St Extending 40 ft NPAT 
  511  15min parking 
  1109   2 Police Parking 
Only. Seasonal 
removal of “Two 
Hour Parking”  

--- PAGE 107 ---
6 
  #45ft west of Rogers Av Ext 18ft West  
  #161-165 MBTA bus stop  Metered Parking space (16 ft 
Total) 
NPAT  
  #196  NPAT 
  Mt. Vernon Street Mt. Pleasant Street No Parking Any 
Time 
  Mt. Pleasant Street Boston city line No Parking Any 
Time 
Broadway 
Terrace 
North 250 feet west of Main Street Exit at Broadway All 
Burnham Street Both 40 feet north of Broadway Broadway All 
Butler Drive West 157 feet north of Memorial 
Road 
80 feet north Sept-Jun Mon-
Fri 7AM-3PM 
Calvin Street North 260 feet east of Beacon St 14 feet east All 
Cameron Avenue NW Malvern Avenue 45 feet southwest 15 min limit 
Mon-Fri 
8:30AM-5PM 
  20 feet north of Seven Pines 
Ave 
20 feet south to corner All 
 SE 585 feet southwest of 
Holland Street 
665 feet southwest of Holland 
Street 
15 min limit 
Mon-Fri 
8:30AM-5PM 
Cedar Street West Franey Road 165 feet south All 
  305 feet south of Franey Rd 190 feet south All 
 East Franey Road 130 feet south All 
  265 feet south of Franey Rd 135 feet south All 
  Warwick Street 65 feet south All 
  70 feet south of Broadway  All NPHTC 
  37 feet south of Albion St  NPHTC 
  From the driveway @ #197 
Cedar St 
To the corner of Clyde St NPHTC  
 Both Highland Avenue 50 feet north All 
  Franey Rd 40ft  NPAT 90 days 
 East Franey Rd Broadway 4 Hr expect 
permit 8am-
2:30am 
  #193  2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
 East Highland Av Hudson St No Parking Any 
Time 
Central Street East Broadway 70 feet south All 
  Willoughby St 54 feet south No Parking Any 
Time 
  70 feet north of Highland 
Avenue 
Highland Avenue No Parking Any 
Time 
  Bridge deck 150 feet north No Parking Any 
Time 
 West Broadway Highland Avenue No Parking Any 
Time 
  20 feet north of Cleveland 
Street 
55 feet north of Cleveland 
Street 
5 minute 
parking, Patient 
pick up/drop off 
zone 

--- PAGE 108 ---
7 
  55 feet north of Cleveland 
Street 
Monmouth Street 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
 Both Summer Highland Ave No Parking Any 
Time 
Chandler Street East Broadway 40 feet south All 
Chapel Street South 187 feet west of College 
Ave 
137 feet west of College Ave All 
    2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Chapel Street Both All not otherwise regulated  2 hr limit 8A-6P 
Charles E. Ryan 
Road 
East Broadway 45 feet south All 
 West Broadway 40 feet south All 
Cherry Street East Elm Street School loading dock All 
Chestnut Street Both Poplar Street Fitchburg Street 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8am 
Clarendon 
Avenue 
East 20 ft south of Broadway 150 ft south of Broadway 2 hour except by 
permit parking 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
 West 20 ft south of Broadway 150 ft south of Broadway 2 hour except by 
permit parking 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
Clark Street Both Lincoln Park Community 
School 
 5 min limit Sept-
Jun Mon-Fri 
7AM-3PM 
Cleveland Street North Central Street 120 feet west Mon-Fri 8AM-
6PM 
 South Central Street 100 feet west Mon-Fri 8AM-
6PM 
Clyde Street South Cedar Street 70 feet east Mon-Fri 7AM-
7PM 
  Approaching Cedar St For a distance of 20ft NPHTC (2008-
4) 
College Avenue West 45 feet north of circle Circle All 
  Powderhouse Rotary Morrison Av 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 

--- PAGE 109 ---
8 
2:30am-8am 
  Park Avenue Winter Street Mon-Fri 7-9AM, 
4-6PM; tow zone 
  95 feet south of Winter St Holland Street All 
 East 160 feet north of Warner St 80 feet north of Warner Street All 
  155 feet north of Highland 
Avenue 
Highland Avenue Tow Zone; All 
 East  Dearborn Road  Crosswalk north of Professors 
Row 
NPAT 
College Avenue East 20 feet south of Winslow 
Av 
19 feet south Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
  #40   Bike corral 
(West Branch 
Library) 
  #40  15 Minute 
Parking (West 
Branch Library) 
College Hill 
Road 
 #33  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
Mon-Fri 8am-
6pm 
Columbia Street Both Webster Avenue 230 feet east All 
Columbia Street East #490/496 Driveway 20 feet each side NPAT 
 East 30 ft south of Windsor Pl 325 ft south of Windsor Pl No Parking Any 
Time 
 West 115 ft south of Windsor Pl 250 ft south of Windsor Pl 2 hour except by 
permit parking 
8am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8am 
Columbus 
Avenue 
South Warren Avenue 30 feet east NPHTC 
Concord Avenue North 40 feet west of Prospect St Prospect Street All 
 South 40 feet west of Prospect St Prospect Street All 
 North East West of the crosswalk opposite 
Springfield  
NP 
Conwell Street East Francis Street 29 feet north All 
 Both Highland Avenue 40 feet north All 
 West 260 ft south of Highland Av Ext 20 ft NPAT rescinded   
Corinthian Road West Broadway 40 feet south All 
Craigie Street West 10 feet south of Hillside 
Circle 
10 feet north All 
 East Just south of Summer St  Seasonal 
Removal (Mar-
Nov) of (3) 
Resident Permit 
Parking Spaces 
for the 
installation of a 
Bluebikes station 
Crocker Street East Hospital loading dock 49 feet north All 
Cross Street East Broadway 36 feet south to bus stop All 
  66 feet south of Ellsworth 126 feet south of Ellsworth St 2 hour limit 

--- PAGE 110 ---
9 
St 8AM-6PM 
  School Bus Island  NP 7am-3pm 
 West 125 feet north of Everett 
Avenue 
65 feet north 2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
Cross Street East Ellsworth Street 30 feet south NPHTC 
Cross Street East 30 feet south of Ellsworth 
St 
50 feet south of Ellsworth St 30 min limit 
8am-6pm 
  129 Cross Street  133 Cross Street  NPAT  
  Broadway McGrath 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  #45 Everett Ave (4 spaces) School Drop 
Off/Pick Up 
7:45-8:15am and 
2:15-2:45pm 
Mon-Fri (will 
revert back to 
RPP from 6pm-
7:45am) 
  Brook St. Ellsworth St.  Active school 
arrival/dismissal 
only 7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday, 
Sept-June/2 hour 
except by permit 
all other times 
 West 32 ft. north of Otis St 108 ft. north of Otis St Active school 
arrival/dismissal 
only 7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday, 
Sept-June/2 hour 
except by permit 
all other times 
Cross Street E Both Broadway 65 feet north All 
 West Blakeley Avenue 35 feet south All 
 Both Blakeley Ave Mystic 2 Hr Except 
permit 8am-6pm 
Crown Street North Tower Street Crocker Street All 
Cummings Street North Middlesex Avenue 160 ft west 2 hour parking 
8:00am-8:00pm 
 South Middlesex Avenue 180 ft west No Parking Any 
Time 
Curtis Street East Broadway 40 feet north All 
 East Powderhouse Blvd Sawyer Av No Parking 7am-
3pm 
Cutter Avenue East 25 feet south of Highland 
Avenue 
25 feet north All 
 East Existing restriction 40 ft south NPHTC 
Cutter Street Both Broadway 40 feet south All 
Dana St East Pearl St Otis St 4 hr parking 
except by permit 
8am-2:30am and 

--- PAGE 111 ---
10 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Dane Street East 45 feet north of Tyler Street Tyler Street Tow Zone; Mon-
Fri 7AM-5PM 
Dane St East Somerville Av 60 feet south NPHTC 
  Dane Avenue North to bridge deck All 
  At the beginning of the 
driveway between the Extra 
Space Storage Facility and 
the Peabody Ames Day 
Care Center 
60 ft north NPAT 
  McGrath Highway  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8 am to 2:30 am; 
Resident Permit 
Parking Only 
2:30 am to 8:00 
am 
  Washington Street Somerville Avenue  NPAT  
Dearborn Road South Medford line 40 feet south All 
 North Boston Avenue Pearson Road All 
Dickson Street East 35 ft north of Broadway 145 ft north of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
 West 40 ft north of Broadway 115 ft north of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
Earle Street Both South Street 280 feet north All 
East Albion St  Moreland St Fremont St Fire Lane 
East Somerville 
Community 
School  
 First parking space on the 
right as you enter the lot 
from Glen Street  
 Police Parking 
Only  
Edmands Street West 110 ft. north of Bonair St 360 ft. north of Bonair St NPAT 
Electric Avenue North Driveway at #33-35 7 feet east All 
Eliot Street South 100 feet west of Properzi 
Way 
13 feet west NPAT 
Elm Street N-E Highland Avenue 110 feet south Tow Zone 
  Windom Street Elston Street 2 hour limit 8A-
6P 
  Willow Street Banks Street 2 hour limit 8A-
6P 
  132 feet northwest of Cedar 
Street 
Cedar Street 2 hour limit 8A-
6P 
  40 feet north of Grove 
Street 
Grove Street Tow Zone 
 North 116 feet west of Cherry St 4 feet west NPAT 
  NW corner of Hancock St 40 feet NPHTC 
 S-W Day Street 40 feet south Tow Zone 

--- PAGE 112 ---
11 
  40 feet north of Chester St Chester Street Tow Zone 
  Davenport Street White Street 2 hour limit 8A-
6P 
  36 feet northwest of 
Mossland Street 
Mossland Street 2 hour limit 8A-
6P 
  35 feet north of Bowers Ave Bowers Avenue Tow Zone 
  Miller Avenue Tenney Street 2 hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  At #256/258  Pick Up/Drop 
Off Live Parking 
Only 
  At #212  Relocate pick 
up/drop off zone 
to 256/258 Elm 
St 
  At #239  15 min limit 8A-
6P 
  At #239  Valet Parking 
Only 8p-1a 
  Just east of White St  Seasonal 
removal of (3) 
2hr pkg except 
by permit spaces 
(Mar-Nov) for a 
Blue Bikes 
station 
Elm St Both Hancock St Cherry St 2 hour limit 
8am-6pm 
  Between Porter Square 
shopping driveways 
All  
  All  2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Elm St  Kennedy School driveway Cherry St School Pick Up 
Drop Off, Mon-
Fri,7am-3pm, 
Sept-June 
Elmwood St NW Tannery Brook Row City Line approx. 75ft NPAT 
Endicott Avenue East 35 ft south of Broadway 145 ft south of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
 West 35 ft south of Broadway 145 ft south of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
Essex Street North 35 feet west of Medford St Medford Street All 
 South 40 feet west of Medford St Medford Street All 

--- PAGE 113 ---
12 
Evergreen Av South 37 feet west of School St  NPHTC 
  Opposite #63 4 spaces Restricted for 
use by actively 
charging electric 
vehicles only, 
permit required, 
3 hour limit 
Fairfax Street  Side of 357 Alewife Brook 
Parkway 
2 parking spaces No Parking Any 
Time 
Farragut Avenue East 30 ft south of Broadway 145 ft south of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
 West 30 ft south of Broadway 120 ft south of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
Fellsway West Both Broadway 95 feet north All 
 Both All  2hr Except by 
Permit 8am to 
10pm and Permit 
Parking Only 
10pm to 8am 
Fenwick Street East Broadway 30 feet north All 
Fenwick Street  #29  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
8am-4pm 
Fiske Avenue North 83 feet west of Lowell 
Street 
57 feet west of Lowell Street All 
Florence Street West Driveway at #4 20 ft. north of Washington St 2 hr except by 
permit 8am-
2:30am, permit 
parking only 
2:30am-8am 
 East Car wash driveway 20 ft. north of Washington St 2 hr except by 
permit 8am-
2:30am, permit 
parking only 
2:30am-8am 
Foley Street West Sturtevant St extending 76 
feet north 
202 feet north of Sturtevant St 
extending 72 feet north 
No Parking 
Anytime 
  At Assembly Sq Dr  Pass Vehicle 
Parking Only 
  Middlesex Av Grand Union Blvd No Commercial  
Parking  
  #360   PickUp/DropOff 
Live Pkg Only 
Foss Park 
Parking Lot 
Both All  2 Hour Parking 
8am-8pm 
Foss Park 
Parking Lot 
South Along curb, except where 
designated 
 NPAT 

--- PAGE 114 ---
13 
Franey Road North  Basketball Court  Cedar Street  NPAT 
Franey Road North  East of the parking area 
adjacent to the basketball 
court 
Extending easterly to Charles 
Ryan Road  
NPAT 
Franey Road South DPW driveway  Cedar Street  Back In  Angle 
Parking for DPW 
Employees Only, 
7am-4:30pm, 
Mon-Fri 
Franklin Street  20 feet north of Perkins St 20 feet south to corner All 
 West Broadway 68 feet south All 
 West 23 feet north of Palmer Ave 45 feet north 30 Min School 
Pick/ Up Drop 
Off 7am-4pm, 
Mon-Fri, Sept-
June 
 West 20 feet south of Palmer Ave 45 feet south 30 Min School 
Pick/ Up Drop 
Off 7am-4pm, 
Mon-Fri, Sept-
June 
 West 67 feet north of Palmer Av 20 feet north NPAT 
 West 23 feet north of Palmer Av 23 feet south NPAT 
 West 150 feet south of Palmer Av 28 feet south NPAT 
  53  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
10am-6pm 
 School 
Side 
Before the school bus drop 
off 
 Parent Drop Off 
Area 7am-9am, 
2pm-3pm 
Fremont Street  #62  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
8am-4pm 
  Dead end  “No Parking 
Anytime from 
December 1st 
through March 
31st” 
Garfield Avenue Both Broadway  45 feet north All 
 West Blakeley Avenue 147 feet south All 
 East 100 feet south of Blakeley 
Avenue 
30 feet south All 
Garrison Avenue East 35 ft south of Broadway 150 ft south of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
 West 110 ft south of Broadway 150 ft south of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00a 

--- PAGE 115 ---
14 
George Street West Broadway 40 feet south All 
Glen Street West Broadway 37 feet south No Parking Any 
Time 
 East Broadway 40 ft. south No Parking Any 
Time 
 East 83 feet south of Broadway 146 feet south 2 hr except by 
permit 8a,-
2:30am, permit 
parking only 
2:30am-8am 
 West Pearl St 30 ft north No Parking Any 
Time 
 East Pearl St 30 ft south No Parking Any 
Time 
 West Oliver St 40 ft north No Parking Any 
Time 
 East Oliver St 30 ft. south No Parking Any 
Time 
 West Tufts St 40 ft north No Parking Any 
Time 
 East 200 feet south of Oliver St 45 feet South All 
 East 117 feet north of Knowlton 
St 
18 feet north 30 min School 
Pick Up/ Drop 
Off 7am-4pm, 
Mon-Fri, Sept-
June 
 East 166 feet north of Knowlton 
St 
56 feet north 30 min School 
Pick Up/ Drop 
Off 7am-4pm, 
Mon-Fri, Sept-
June 
 East 307 feet north of Knowlton 
St 
180 feet north 30 min School 
Pick Up/ Drop 
Off 7am-4pm, 
Mon-Fri, Sept-
June 
 East 275 feet north of Knowlton 
St 
35 feet north NPAT 
  In front and opposite #16  NP 8:30am-5pm 
  #16 Between the 2 driveways NP 8a-5p, RPP 
5p-8a 
   Post 388 Parking lot No commercial 
Parking  
Glenwood Road West Medford Street 25 feet south All 
 East Medford Street 40 feet south All 
Gorham Street Both Howard Street 20 feet north All 
  #19  NPAT 
  #34  NPAT 
Grand Union 
Blvd 
 Mystic  Rte 28 No Commercial  
Parking 
 East 280 ft. south of Foley St. 260 ft. south of Foley St. NPAT 
  120 ft. south of Foley St. 80 ft. south of Foley St. NPAT 
 West 55 ft. south of Foley St. 115 ft. south of Foley St. NPAT 
  30 ft. north of Artisan Way 50 ft. north of Artisan Way NPAT 

--- PAGE 116 ---
15 
  60 ft. north of Foley St 100 ft. north of Foley St NPAT 
Grant Street Both Broadway 50 feet north All 
Greenville Street South McGrath Highway 85 feet west NPHTC 
Grove Street West 150 feet north of Highland 
Avenue 
Highland Avenue All 
 East 150 feet north of Highland 
Avenue 
45 feet west of Highland 
Avenue 
All 
 West  North of community path   Seasonal 
Removal of 
parking meters 
for blue bikes 
installation 
(effective August 
2, 2018) 
Hall Ave Both College Av For a distance of ~80 ft 2 Hr Parking 
Except by permit 
8am-2:30am and 
permit parking 
only from 
2:30am-8am 
 Both College Av 30ft NPAT 
Hamlet Street North 40 feet west of Highland 
Avenue 
Highland Avenue All 
 South Highland Avenue Boston Street All 
Hancock Street West Summer St 23 feet south NPHTC 
Hancock Street East Summer St 17 feet south NPHTC 
Hanson Street West Skehan Street 46 feet north All 
 West Durham Street 20 feet south All 
 West Washington Street 20 feet south All 
Harding Street West South Street 100 feet south of Ward Street All 
 East Ward Street 100 feet south All 
 Both Cambridge City Line South 2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Harrison St  43-45,46-48  NP Anytime 
Hathorn Street West Broadway 40 feet south All 
Hathorn Street  20 feet south of Broadway Ext. 20 ft 15 min parking 
Mon-Sat, 8am-
6pm 
Hawkins St  #5 25ft south 30min Mon-Fri 
8am-5pm,sat 
9am-1pm  
 Both Washington St. 40 ft. north NPAT 
Heath Street Both Bond Street 30 feet NPHTC 
Herbert Street North 20 feet east of Day Street 60 feet east of Day Street 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Highland Avenue  #4  15 minute limit 

--- PAGE 117 ---
16 
 Both All unless otherwise posted  2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  #92, 20 feet from School 
Street 
44 feet ½ hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
(rescind 10-15-
03) 
 South East Intersection with Grove Street NPAT  
  #18   Two Hour 
Parking except 
by permit 8am-
2:30am; Permit 
Parking only 
2:30am-8am   
  #316, 90 feet from Cherry 
Street 
47 feet ½ hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  #152  15 Minute limit 
6pm-11pm, 
Mon-Sat 
  #191  Remove two 2 
hour parking 
spaces for a bike 
corral and 
Hubway station 
 North College Avenue 110 feet east of College Avenue Tow Zone 
  265 feet east of College Ave 305 feet east of College Avenue Tow Zone 
  40 feet west of Grove Street Grove Street Tow Zone 
  37 feet west of Ellington Rd Ellington Road All 
  West Street 20 feet east NPAT 
  City Hall Exit Driveway 30 feet east All 
  School Street 70 feet west All 
  Central Street 35 feet west All 
  Conwell Street 75 feet west All 
  Cedar Street 100 feet east All 
  114 feet east of College Av 160 feet No Parking 
Mon-Fri 4pm-
6pm, Tow Zone  
  122ft wet of Walnut St Extending 100ft 2 Hour Parking, 
Library Patrons 
Only, 9am-9pm, 
Mon-Sat 
 South College Avenue 150 feet east Tow Zone 
  265 feet east of College Ave 325 feet east of College Avenue Tow Zone 
  50 feet west of Grove Street Grove Street Tow Zone 
  65 feet west of Hamlet 
Street 
110 feet east of Hamlet Street All 
  Eastman Road 65 feet west ½ hour limit M-F 
8am-6pm 
  Conwell Street 45 feet east All 
  20 feet east of Spring Hill 
Terr. 
20 feet west All 
  270 feet west of Lowell 49 feet west 1/2 hour limit 

--- PAGE 118 ---
17 
Street 8AM-6PM 
  29 feet east of Hamlet St  NPHTC 
  29 feet east of Hamlet St Extending 60 feet east 15 min parking 
 
 
 63 feet west of Hamlet St Extending 22 feet west 15 min parking 
Mon-Sat, 11am-
10pm 
 
 
 
 
 #290   30 Minute Parking, 
Mon-Sat 8am-
6pm,; 2 hour 
parking except by 
permit Mon-Sat 
6pm-2:30am;  
permit parking 
only 2:30am-8am 
(3 spaces) 
 
 
 
 #411  Pick Up/Drop Off 
Live Parking Only 
5pm-8am  
Highland Avenue  North  Opposite Putnam St.  City Hall driveway City Hall or School 
Permit Parking 
Only 7-9am, 2hr 
Parking Except by 
Permit 9am-
2:30am, and Permit 
Parking Only 
2:30am-7am 
Highland Avenue  North Entrance to Somerville 
High School driveway  
Exit to Somerville High School 
driveway 
City Hall or School 
Permit Parking 
Only 7-9am, 2hr 
Parking Except by 
Permit 9am-
2:30am, and Permit 
Parking Only 
2:30am-7am 
  #241  30 Minute 
Parking 8am-
6pm except 
Sundays and 
Holidays 
Hill Street West Broadway 30 feet north No Parking Here 
to Corner 
 West 30 ft north of Broadway 105 ft north of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:3am-
8:00am 
 East 60 ft north of Broadway 110 ft north of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:3am-
8:00am 
Hinckley Street Both Broadway 40 feet south All 
 East Broadway 50 feet south NPAT 

--- PAGE 119 ---
18 
Holland Street South Broadway Buena Vista Rd All 
  Winter Street 33 feet west 15 min limit 
  80 feet north of Dover 
Street 
Dover Street All 
  Dover Street Day Street Tow Zone 
  #194 #198 1 hour parking 
  West of Cameron Av Extending 15ft NPAT 
 North Broadway 170 feet south All 
  20 feet east of Paulina 
Street 
135 feet east ½ hour limit 
8AM-5PM 
  Simpson Avenue 20 feet south NPAT 
  330 ft. west of Paulina 345 ft. west of Paulina NPAT 
  150 feet north of College 
Avenue 
College Avenue All 
  Meter #C421 40 feet east All 
  #30   Pick Up/Drop 
Off Live Parking 
Only 5pm-8am 
  #227 Holland Street   2 hour parking 
spaces removed.  
Bike Share 
station  
  Opposite Cameron Av For a distance of 60ft NPAT 
 Both All unless otherwise posted  2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am  
Holyoke Road West West leg, Elm St 23 feet south NPHTC 
Holyoke Road West East leg, Elm St 26 feet south NPHTC 
Homer Square Both 12 Homer Square 14 Homer Square All 
Horace Street East Ward Street South Street All 
 West Ward Street 30 feet north All 
  South Street 20 feet north All 
 Both Ward St Cambridge City Line 2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Howard Street North Gorham Street 30 feet east All 
  Jay Street 25 feet east of Jay Street All 
Hudson Street South #137 12 feet south All 
 North #139 2 spaces Restricted for 
use by actively 
charging electric 
vehicles only, 
permit required, 
3 hour limit, 
head in parking 
only 
Hunting Street West South Street 30 feet south All 
 East 20 ft. south of South St 120 ft. south of South St Resident Permit 
Parking Only 
 Both Cambridge City Line South St 2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 

--- PAGE 120 ---
19 
Indiana Av West Broadway Ext. 50ft North 2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Inner Belt Road Both 369 feet south of Third Ave Dead end All 
 East 30 ft. south of Washington 
St 
140 ft. south of Washington St No Parking Any 
Time 
 East 20 ft. south of Roland Street 360 ft. south of Roland St 2 hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8am 
 West 160 ft. south of Washington 
St 
260 ft. south of Washington St No Parking Any 
Time 
Ivaloo Street North Harrison Street Park Street 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Jacques Street North #143 28 feet All 
  38 feet east of Temple St. 38 feet west to corner All 
 South 28 feet east of Temple St. 28 feet west to corner All 
Joseph St  #22  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off, 
Mon-Fri 8-9am 
and 3-4pm 
Josephine 
Avenue 
West Broadway 78 feet south 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Joy St Both Entire Length  2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Kenneson Road West Broadway 25 feet south All 
Kensington 
Avenue 
East Blakeley Av 40 feet No permit 
required 8am-
6pm 
 West Blakeley Av 84.5 feet No permit 
required 8am-
6pm 
  Property line of 17/21  No permit 
required 8am-
6pm 
Kent Street East Loading Bay @ 14 Kent St Extending 40 feet north No Parking 8am-
8pm 
Kent Street West Rear 0f 620 Somerville Av Extending 20 ft south No Parking 8am-
8pm 
Langmaid 
Avenue 
East Broadway 100 feet north All 
Laurel Street East 30 feet north of Laurel Terr Laurel Terrace All 
 West Laurel Terrace 20 feet south All 
 Both Summer Street 25 feet south All 
 Both Somerville Av  Driveway entrance to hotel NPAT 

--- PAGE 121 ---
20 
Lee Street North 35 feet west of Medford St Medford Street All 
 South 40 feet west of Medford St Medford Street All 
Leonard Street Both Broadway 40 feet north All 
Lesley Avenue East All All Dec 31-Mar 31 
1AM-6AM 
Liberty Avenue East Broadway 40 feet south All 
 West 30 ft. south of Broadway 435 ft. south of Broadway 2 hour except by 
permit 8am-
2:30am, permit 
only 2:30-8am 
  #42  No Parking Any 
Time 
Lincoln Parkway South South side of Lincoln Park 
Community School 
driveway 
No stopping  
 West 35 ft. south of the 
Argenziano parking lot 
driveway 
75 ft. south of the driveway Active School 
Arrival/Dismissa
l Only 7am-3pm, 
M-F; RPP all 
other times 
Lincoln Street West Broadway 40 feet south All 
  Broadway  15 Minute 
Parking 8am-
6pm 
Linden Street East Somerville Avenue 75 feet south All 
Linden Street West All  NPAT 
Linwood Street East 50 ft. south of Poplar St 
 
 
 
620 ft. south of Poplar St 2 hr except by 
permit 8am-
2:30am, permit 
parking only 
2:30am-8am 
 East 620 ft. south of Poplar St Fitchburg St Resident Permit 
Parking 
 West 50 ft. south of Poplar St 610 ft. south of Poplar St 2 hr except by 
permit 8am-
2:30am, permit 
parking only 
2:30am-8am 
 West 610 ft. south of Poplar St Fitchburg St Resident Permit 
Parking 
 Both Poplar Street McGrath Highway 2 hr except by 
permit 8am-
2:30am, permit 
parking only 
2:30am-8am 
 NE 
corner 
McGrath Hwy 40 ft NPHTC 
Lombardi Street West Broadway Route 93 off-ramp All 
 East Broadway Mystic Avenue All 
Loring St. West Somerville Ave Driveway at #2 30 minute 
parking 
10:00AM-
8:00PM, RPP 
8:00PM-

--- PAGE 122 ---
21 
10:00AM 
Lowden Avenue West Broadway 20 feet south 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am   
 East 20 feet south of Broadway 40 feet south  2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Lowell Street East Medford Street 40 feet south All 
  Vernon Street 40 feet south Tow Zone 
  60 feet north of Albion 
Street 
40 feet south of Albion Street All 
  Highland Avenue 55 feet north All 
  Somerville Av 100ft northerly 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  Richardson St Medford St 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Lowell Street East South of Albion St Ext an additional 40ft NPHTC 
Lowell Street West Highland Avenue Lowell St Bridge No Parking This 
Side of Street 
 East In front of VNA 50’before 
Lowell St Bridge Con Site 
For the duration of bridge 
Reconstruction 
No pkg 8am-
4pm Mon/Fri 
  228  2 Hr Parking 
except by Permit 
8am-2:30AM 
  #278  NPAT 
 West Lowell Street South of Wilton Street For a distance of 
20 feet from the 
existing fire line 
Magnus Ave  #16  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
Tues, Thurs, Sat 
9am-5pm 
Magoun Sq Lot  Driveway at Medford St 25 ft SW NPAT 
Magoun Sq Lot    2 Spaces 
“Parking for 
Electric Vehicles 
only” 
Main Street East Fremont Street 15 feet south All 
  62 feet east of Fremont St Ext 28 feet east  NPAT 
  50 feet north of Broadway Broadway All 
  20 feet east of Moreland St  NPHTC 
  Edgar Av 53 feet south NPAT 
 West Broadway 105 feet north All 
  Edgar Av 100 feet north NPAT 

--- PAGE 123 ---
22 
 Both Medford City Line 80ft South 2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Maine Avenue Both All All 8AM-5PM 
Mansfield Street West Washington Street  First 2 spaces  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am  
Marshall Street West 35 feet north of Pearl Street Pearl Street All 
 West #45  No Parking Any 
Time 
(crosswalk) 
 East Broadway Pearl Street No Parking This 
Side of Street 
Mason Street Both Broadway 40 feet north All 
McGrath Hwy Both Washington St Somerville Av NPAT 
McGrath Hwy South Prospect Hill Washington St NPAT 
McGrath Hwy* North Middlesex Avenue Marginal Road 2 hour parking 
8:00am-8:00pm 
Meacham Road West 55 feet northeast of Lester 
Terrace 
270 feet northeast of Lester 
Terrace 
2 Hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  42 feet west of Dover Street Dover Street All 
 East 95 feet northeast of Glover 
Circle 
190 feet northeast of Glover 
Circle 
2 Hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Meacham Street South Edgar Ave Ash Ave Active school 
arrival/dismissal 
only between 
7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday, 
Sept-June; RPP 
all other times 
 North Edgar Ave Ash Ave Active school 
arrival/dismissal 
only between 
7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday, 
Sept-June; RPP 
all other times 
  Edgar Ave Healey School parking lot School Bus 
Parking Only, 
7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday 
Medford Street North Medford Line 55 feet south of Broadway All 
  Trull Street Partridge Avenue 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am   

--- PAGE 124 ---
23 
  35 feet east of Bartlett 
Street 
80 feet east of Bartlett Street 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am 
  At Bartlett St South side NPAT in 
advance of the 
crosswalk 
  Central Street 60 feet east of Central Street All 
  Sycamore Street 100 feet east of Sycamore St All 
  60 feet west of School 
Street 
60 feet east of School Street All 
  30 feet west of Walnut 
Street 
Walnut Street All 
  340 feet west of McGrath 
Highway 
McGrath Highway All 
  Ward Street 30 feet south All 
  Lowell St (at the new 
crosswalk) 
20 ft south NPAT 
  Exit driveway at CVS Extend existing 20 ft restriction 
to 40 ft 
NPAT 
  At Thurston St  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am 
  Opp. Thurston St  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am 
  60ft beyond School St Ext west NPAT 
 South Broadway 45 feet east All 
  45 feet west of Lowell 
Street 
20 feet west of Lowell Street All 
  55 feet west of Thurston St Thurston Street All 
  159 feet north of South St South Street All 
  60 feet west of School 
Street 
Highland Avenue All 
  514  15 min for 90 
days 
  532  15min parking 
 East Ward Street Warren Avenue Bike lane  
 West South of Ward Street  Somerville Avenue (Cambridge 
City Line) 
Bike lane  
 North Washington St Somerville Av NPAT 
 South Prospect Hill  Washington St NPAT 
 Both All unless otherwise posted  2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Melvin Street East Broadway 35 feet south All 
Memorial Road North Butler Drive 100 feet west 5 min limit Sept-

--- PAGE 125 ---
24 
Jun Mon-Fri 
7AM-3PM 
Merriam Street West Somerville Ave Charlestown St NPAT 
 East 70 feet north of Somerville 
Avenue 
Somerville Avenue All 
Merriam Street  West Washington Street  First 2 spaces  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am  
Middlesex 
Avenue 
West Fellsway Cummings Street Courthouse 
Parking Only 
8:00am-5:00pm 
  #74 (140 ft south of 
McGrath Hwy) 
20 ft north of Foley St No Parking Any 
Time 
  105 ft south of Foley 185 ft south of Foley St Somerville Fire 
Department 
Vehicle Parking 
Only, 4 spaces 
Miller Street North Beacon Street 121 feet north All 
  Corner 20 feet south All 
 South Beacon Street 83 feet north All 
  Corner 30 feet east All 
  Sacramento Street 30 feet west All 
Monmouth Street North Central Street 267 feet west Dec 1-Mar 31 
1AM-6AM 
Munroe Street SW 45 feet NW of Prospect Hill 
Pkwy 
 NPHTC 
 NE Walnut St 140ft NW of Bigelow St NPAT 
 SE 30 feet SE of Prospect Hill 
Pkwy 
 NPHTC 
 South 20 ft west of Prospect Hill 
Pkwy 
Ext. 560ft 2 hour except 
permit 
  Opposite #51 2 spaces Restricted for 
use by actively 
charging electric 
vehicles only, 3 
hour limit 
Montgomery 
Ave 
Both Broadway 45 feet south All 
Morrison Avenue North 45 feet west of Morrison Pl 65 feet west All 
 South Grove Street  Willow Avenue All 
  225-227   NPAT (2011-47) 
  Willow Av Josephine Av Pick up/Drop off 
School Zone 
7am-8am and 
2:30-3pm 
  Cross Street  Pick up/Drop off 
School Zone 
7am-8am and 
2:30-3pm 
Mossland Street North 125 feet north of Somerville 
Avenue 
Somerville Avenue All 
 South Somerville Avenue 50 feet north All 

--- PAGE 126 ---
25 
  Point of curvature 30 feet north All 
Mt. Pleasant St West Broadway 40 feet south All 
Mt. Vernon St West Broadway 45 feet south All 
 East  Perkins Street 40 feet south All 
  #94  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off, 
Mon-Fri 9am-
5pm 
Munroe St South 20ft west of Prospect Hill  
Pkwy 
Ext. 560ft 2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8am-8pm and 
permit parking 
only 8pm-8am 
Myrtle Street East 72 feet south of Pearl Street 37 feet south 5 minute pick 
up/drop off zone 
Myrtle Street  #69  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
Mon-Fri, 7am-
4pm, Sept-June 
Mystic Avenue Both All All All 
Nashua Street  East 20 feet south of Richardson 
St. 
20 feet north All 
Nashua Street  # 20  No Parking 
between DW 
New Rd  Grand Union Blvd Mystic Av No Commercial 
Parking  
New Hampshire 
Avenue 
Both All All 8AM-5PM 
New Washington  From 2-hr parking signs To approx 150/200ft from 
Wash St to innerbelt 
NPAT 
Commercial Veh 
 All   No Parking 
12AM to 7AM 
Newbury Street  #6  2 Spaces 
“Parking for 
Electric Vehicles 
only”  
Newton Street North Webster Avenue Prospect Street All 
 South Webster Avenue 130 feet east All 
New Washington 
St 
   2 hr parking 
except by permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Norfolk Street South 129 feet west of Webster 
Av 
100 feet west NPAT 
Norfolk Street North 169 feet west of Webster 
Av 
100 feet west NPAT 
North Union 
Street 
East 107 feet north of Mystic 
Ave 
216 feet north All 
 West 185 feet north of Mystic 
Ave 
132 feet north All 
Oliver St South 20 feet east of Glen St 80 feet east 30 Min School 
Pick/ Up Drop 
Off 7am-4pm, 

--- PAGE 127 ---
26 
Mon-Fri, Sept-
June 
Otis Street North 33 ft. west of Cross St. 138 ft. west of Cross St. Active school 
arrival/dismissal 
only 7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday, 
Sept-June/RPP 
all other times 
 North McGrath Highway 30 ft. east No Parking Any 
Time 
Packard Ave  Powder House Blvd Professors Row Permit Parking 
Only 1am-8am 
Park Street East Somerville Ave 200 feet south All 
  51 feet north of Beacon St  NPHTC 
  Railroad Track Extending 80 ft. towards 
Somerville Ave 
NPAT 
  Railroad Track Extending 80 ft. towards 
Beacon St 
NPAT 
 West Somerville Avenue Boston & Maine RR  All 
Partridge Avenue North Medford Street 45 feet east All 
 South Medford Street 25 feet east All 
Paulina Street West 42 feet north of Holland 
Street 
600 feet north ½ hour limit 
8am-6pm 
Pearl Street South Medford Street Bradley 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am  
  #240  NPAT 
Pennsylvania 
Ave 
West Broadway 40 feet north All 
Perkins Street North 28 feet west of Mt. Pleasant 
St 
46 feet east of Mt. Pleasant St. All 
 South Mt. Pleasant St 26 feet west All 
Poplar St Both Entire Length  2 Hr Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Powder House 
Blvd 
West 30 feet west of Hardan 
Road 
Hardan Road All 
  Curtis Street 53 feet east All 
  160 feet north of Broadway Broadway All 
 East Hardan Road 120 feet east All 
  70 feet north of circle Circle All 
 North Opposite Leonard St. 10 ft. NPAT 
  Opposite Burnham St. 10 ft. NPAT 
  Opposite Mason St. 50 ft. NPAT 
  40 ft. east of Packard Ave 50 ft. east of Packard Ave NPAT 
Powder House 
Terrace 
North 80 feet northwest of Liberty 
Avenue 
180 feet northwest of Liberty 
Avenue 
All 
Prescott Street East 429 feet south of Highland 
Avenue 
66 feet south All 
 West 438 feet south of Highland 
Avenue 
72 feet south All 
  570 feet south of Highland 40 feet south Residential 

--- PAGE 128 ---
27 
Avenue Permit Parking 
Preston Road West End (#44) 17 feet north NPAT 
Properzi Way West 125 feet south of Eliot 
Street 
210 feet south of Eliot Street Tow Zone Mon-
Fri 7AM-5PM 
  232 feet from Somerville 
Ave 
160 feet ½ hour limit 
8AM-5PM 
rescinded 11-04, 
replaced with 1 
hour limit 8am-
5pm rescinded 4-
05 
 West Beacon St Northerly ~ 150ft NPAT 
 West Somerville Av Tyler St 2Hr parking 
8am-8pm Except 
by Residential 
Permit Parking 
Only 8pm-8am 
 West 20ft from Tyler St North direction of 20ft  NPAT 
 East 45 ft from existing permit 
restriction  
  
Prospect Hill 
Ave 
North 20 feet west of McGrath 
Hwy 
 NPHTC 
Prospect Hill 
Pkwy 
North Stone Avenue Munroe Street All 
Prospect Street Both Washington St Newton Street All 
Raymond 
Avenue 
South 420 feet west of Curtis 
Street 
200 feet west Sept-Jun Mon-
Fri 7AM-3PM 
Revolution Drive  #375  Meters K156 
K157 will be 
Valet Parking 
Only from 4pm-
11pm, Mon-Sun 
Rogers Avenue West 27 feet south of Broadway Ext 20ft 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
 East 20 feet south of Boston 
Avenue 
Ext 80ft 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Rossmore Street  East Washington Street   First space  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am  
Rossmore Street  West Washington Street   First two spaces  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30 am, 
Permit Only 2:30 
am-8am  
Sacramento 
Street 
East Beacon Street 89 feet north All 
Sargent Avenue East Broadway 40 feet south All 

--- PAGE 129 ---
28 
School Street West Broadway 60 feet south All 
  60 feet north of Medford St 45 feet south of Medford Street All 
  Richdale Avenue 80 feet to bridge deck 15 min limit 
Mon-Fri 
8:30AM-5PM 
  Highland Ave Opposite Madison Ave City Hall or 
School Permit 
Parking Only 7-
9am, 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
9am-2:30am, and 
Permit Parking 
Only 2:30am-
7am 
  58 feet north of Evergreen 
Ave 
Evergreen Ave All 
  Knapp St Somerville Ave 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
  23 feet south of Evergreen 
Ave 
 NPHTC 
  #73 Ext 20ft NPAT 
  #75 Ext 20ft NPAT 
 East Broadway 60 feet south All 
  85 feet south of Evergreen 
Ave 
105 feet south of Evergreen 
Ave 
Mon-Sat 9AM-
11PM 
  Summer Street 40 feet south ½ hour limit 
  #212 For a distance of 40ft 2 Hour Parking 
Except by permit 
8am-2:30am 
  20 ft. south of Medford St. 210 ft. south of Medford St. NPAT 
 West Landers St  Somerville Ave 2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
  #164  2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Seven Pines 
Avenue 
North 20 feet west of Cameron 
Ave 
20 feet east to corner All 
Shore Drive  Mystic Av Puritan Rd 2 Hour Parking 
Except by permit 
8am-2:30am 
Simpson Ave  #33  Medical Pick 
up/Drop off 
Mon-Fri 8am-
6pm 
Somerville Ave North Mossland Street 350 feet east All 
  Granite Street School Street 1 hour limit 
8AM-5PM 
  100 feet east of Carlton St Corner of Bow Street All 
  200 feet east of Hawkins St 250 feet east of Prospect Street All 
  310 feet west of Merriam St 140 feet west of Merriam Street All 

--- PAGE 130 ---
29 
  100 feet west of Merriam St 145 feet east of Merriam Street All 
  Medford Street Linwood Street All 
  208 feet east of Washington 
Street 
118 feet east NPAT 
  From driveway @ Elm St To corner (App. 30ft) NPHTC 
 South 150 feet west of Mossland 
Street 
150 feet east of Beacon Street All 
  100 feet east of Church 
Street 
20 feet west of Carlton Street ½ hour limit 
8AM-6PM 
  20 feet west of Carlton 
Street 
115 feet east of Carlton Street All 
  135 feet west of Hawkins 
Street 
95 feet west of Hawkins Street 15 minute limit 
8AM-6PM 
  30 feet west of Hawkins St 24 feet east of Hawkins St All 
  40 feet west of Dane Street Dane Street All 
  400 feet west of Prospect St 300 feet west of Prospect Street All 
  190 feet west of Prospect St 250 feet east of Prospect Street All 
  90 feet west of Linden 
Street 
50 feet east of Linden Street All 
  Medford Street Linwood Street All 
  329  15min Parking 
  497  15min Parking 
  283  15min parking 
  #337   Pick up/Drop off 
Live Parking 
only, Mon-Sat 
12pm-8am  
  #515  NPAT Hotel 
Pick Up/Drop 
Off Zone 
  Behind the Ice Rink  2 hour Parking 
8am-6pm except 
by business 
permit; 2 hour 
sporting event 
parking only 
6pm-12am; and 
Resident Permit 
Parking Only 
12am-8am 
  Behind the Ice Rink  Electric Vehicle 
Charging Station 
(2 spaces) 
 Both All unless otherwise posted  2 hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
South Street North Windsor Street Medford Street All 
 South 5 feet west of Horace Street 10 feet east of Horace Street All 
 South 30 ft. east of Windsor St 40 ft. west of Hunting St No Parking Any 
Time 
 Both Horace St Windsor St 2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 

--- PAGE 131 ---
30 
8a-2:30a 
Spring Street East Summer Street 40 feet south All 
 Both Somerville Av 75 ft (rear driveway of Bakery) NPHTC 
Strathmore Road West Broadway Medford Line All 
Sturtevant St Even Foley Street Mystic Avenue All 
Summer St North 60 feet west of Cutter Ave 40 feet east of Cutter Ave No Parking Any 
Time 
  110 feet west of Cutter 
Avenue 
140 feet west of Cutter Avenue 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
 North Spring Street Prescott Street Rescinds the “No 
Parking” 
restrictions on 
the South side  
  200 feet north of Bow Street Bow Street All 
  St. Catherine’s Church 40 feet east All 
 South 150 feet west of Cutter Ave Cutter Avenue All 
  200 feet north of Bow Street Bow Street All 
 South Church St Quincy St 2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
  #40  2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
  School St Prescott St 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Summit Avenue South 37 feet west of Walnut St  NPHTC 
Sunset Road  #17  Medical Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
8am-4pm 
Sycamore Street West 56 feet south of Richdale 
Avenue 
43 feet south All 
  North of Medford St One space on the west side ext 
40ft north and 2 spaces on the 
east side ext 60ft 
NPAT 
  Willoughby St 125 feet north All 
Tannery Brook 
Row 
    
Temple Street West Broadway 65 feet north All 
 East Mystic Avenue 118 feet south All 
  Derby Street 107 feet south All 
  Broadway 35 feet north All 
  Broadway Mystic Av 2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Tenny Court Both Mystic Avenue 27 feet north All 
Tennyson Street South 40 feet west of Medford St 40 feet east of Medford St All 
 North 25 feet west of Medford St 40 feet east of Medford St All 

--- PAGE 132 ---
31 
Third Avenue South 395 feet east of Innerbelt Rd 40 feet east All 
Thurston Street West Broadway 40 feet south All 
  30 feet north of Medford St 35 feet south of Medford St All 
 East 126 feet south of Evergreen 
Ave 
16 feet south All 
  30 feet north of Medford St 40 feet south of Medford St All 
  Just south of Evergreen Av  Seasonal 
Removal (Mar-
Nov) of (2) 
Resident Permit 
Parking Spaces 
for the 
installation of a 
Bluebikes station 
 Both Medford St 50ft north 2 HrParking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Tremont Street East  211 Tremont Street A distance of approximately 20 
feet opposite the Housing 
Complex  
Fire Lane  
Tufts Street West Cross Street Washington St All 
Tyler Street South 90 feet west of Dane Street Dane Street Tow Zone 7AM-
5PM 
 North Tower Court 60 feet east Tow Zone 7AM-
5PM 
 South Properzi Way Loading Dock 2 Hour parking 
8am-8pm Except 
by Residential 
Permit Parking 
Only 8pm-8am 
 South Loading dock  Ext east to the NPHTC 2 Hour parking 
8am-8pm Except 
by Residential 
Permit Parking 
Only 8pm-8am 
 North  Tower Court  Properzi Way  2 Hour Parking 
8am-8pm Except 
by Residential 
Permit Parking 
Only 8pm-8am 
Vermont Avenue Both All All 8AM-5PM 
Vernon St South Lowell St First two spaces in easterly 
direction 
NPAT 
  Central St End of Rogers Foam property 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Walnut Road Even #6 #8 Mon-Fri 8AM-
10AM and 2PM-
4PM 
Walnut Street West Broadway 40 feet south All 
  200 feet north of Medford 
St 
40 feet south of Medford Street All 

--- PAGE 133 ---
32 
  Giles Park 60 feet south All 
  40 feet south of Summit Av  NPHTC 
  45 feet south of Aldersey St  NPHTC 
  #48  NPAT 
  50 ft north of Medford St Driveway @ #299-303 Medford 
St 
NPAT 
  Highland Av Medford St City Hall or 
School Permit 
Parking Only 7-
9am, 2hr Parking 
Except by Permit 
9am-2:30am, and 
Permit Parking 
Only 2:30am-
7am 
 East Medford Street 45 feet south All 
  76 feet south of Gilman St 76 feet north to corner All 
  Bow St Sanborn Av 2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Ward Street North Horace Street 40 feet west Mon-Fri 8AM-
5PM 
 Both Harding Street 100 feet east All 
Warner Street North Medford Line Pearson Road All 
Warren Avenue Both Somerville Ave Bow Street All 
Warren Avenue East Columbus Ave 30 feet south NPHTC 
Warren Avenue Odd #13/25 25 feet south of exit DW NPAT 
Warwick Street  #20-26  No Parking 
between DW 
Washington St North Kingman Rd Hawkins St NPAT 
  Prospect St 100 feet west of Boston St All 
  29 feet east of Washington 
Ave 
Washington Ave All 
  40 feet south of Beacon St  NPHTC 
  Dane St. Beacon St. NPAT 
  Leland St. 309 Washington St. NPAT 
  Hawkins St. Argenziano School Driveway NPAT 
  60 feet west of Webster Av 20 feet east of Kingman Rd No Parking 
Mon-Fri 6:30-
9:30am & 3:30-
6:00 pm 
 South Kingman Rd Webster Ave NPAT 
  Somerville Avenue 225 feet east of Prospect St All 
  100 feet east of Mansfield 
St 
McGrath Highway All 
  40 feet north of Beacon St  NPHTC 
  Line St. Beacon St. NPAT 
  Beacon St. Caldwell Ave NPAT 
  Calvin St. Rose St. NPAT 
  Rose St Parkdale St 2 hour except by 
permit 8am-
2:30am, permit 

--- PAGE 134 ---
33 
only 2:30am-
8am 
  Bowdoin St. Argenziano School Driveway NPAT 
  Argenziano School 
Driveway 
Hawkins St. Teacher Permit 
Parking 
  Rossmore St Mansfield St NPAT 
  opposite Rossmore St 80 ft. (4 parking spaces total) 15 Minute 
Parking 8am-
10pm and Permit 
Parking Only 
10pm-8am  
  Opposite Inner Belt Road  Remove (1) 2hr 
parking X by 
permit space 
  At Myrtle St  Remove (1) 2hr 
parking X by 
permit space 
  Mansfield St McGrath Hwy No Parking 7am-
10am and 4pm-
7pm 
 Both Crescent Street Pinckney Street 2 hour limit 
8am-6pm 
 North Columbus Avenue Merriam Street  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
Resident Permit 
Parking Only 
2:30am to 8am  
  400 feet west of Inner Belt 
Road 
Inner Belt Road 2 hour limit 
8am-6pm 
  #268  15 minute limit 
  Washington Street  
Parking Lot 
 Permit Parking 
Only Mon-Fri 
7pm-7am 
&Saturdays 
 North  East of Myrtle Street   Seasonal removal 
(March-November) 
for the installation 
of Blue Bikes 
station) 
 North  East Washington Terrace Bike Corral  
  Front ramp of the Police 
Station 
To the back parking lot Parking for 
Police Vehicles 
Only 
 Both All unless otherwise posted  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Watson Street East 35 ft north of Broadway 130 ft north of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 

--- PAGE 135 ---
34 
 West 35 ft north of Broadway 150 ft north of Broadway 2 hour parking 
except by permit 
8:00am-2:30am, 
permit parking 
only 2:30am-
8:00am 
Webster Avenue West 150 feet south of 
Washington St 
270 feet south Mon-Sat 7AM-
6PM 
  75 feet north of Newton St 20 feet north of Newton St Mon-Fri 7AM-
6PM 
  Newton Street Prospect Street All 
  39 feet south of Norfolk St 100 feet south NPAT 
 East 150 feet south of 
Washington Street 
284 feet south Mon-Sat 7AM-
6PM 
  Newton Street Prospect Street All 
  Columbia Avenue 92 feet south NPAT 
  149 feet south of Norfolk St 100 feet south NPAT 
 All sides Traffic island at intersection 
of Webster Avenue and 
north side of Washington 
Street 
All  
  Prospect Hill Academy NP School  
Pick Up/Drop 
Off 7am-9am 
&2pm-4pm 
Mon-Fri Sept-
June  
  Prospect Street  Cambridge City Line  Bike lane 
 East  South of Everett Street   Bike Corral  
Wesley Park Both 100 feet north of Bow Street Bow Street All 
Wesley Park  3 spaces at dead end  NPAT 
Westminster St West Broadway 40 feet north All 
West Somerville 
Neighborhood 
School  
 20 ft on either side of the 
crosswalk at the main  
 NPAT 
Westwood St   Central St End of Somerville Museum  2 Hour Parking 
Except by Permit 
8am-2:30am and 
RPP only 
2:30am-8am 
Wheatland Street Both Broadway 85 feet north All 
 West Mystic Av 60ft south 30 min parking 
8am-8pm permit 
parking only 
Willow Avenue West Broadway 89 feet south All 
  Morrison Avenue 40 feet south 30 min limit 
8am-6pm 
  Bike path 48 feet north All 
  Highland Avenue 55 feet south All 
 East Broadway 62 feet south All 
  Bike path 64 feet south All 
 West Loading Zone Bike Path 2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-8:30pm 

--- PAGE 136 ---
35 
  At Brown School #201 Ext zone by 85ft School Pick 
Up/Drop Off 
Zone 
Willow Place Both South Street Cambridge line All 
Willow St Both Cambridge City Line South St 2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Wilson Street  Both   No Parking 
during Snow 
Emergencies 
Winchester St West Broadway 75 feet north All 
Windsor Street East Windsor Place South Street All 
Windsor Street West Cambridge Line 145 feet north NPAT 
 West 45 ft. south of Windsor Pl 170 ft. south of Windsor Pl No Parking Any 
Time 
 
 
Both Entire Length  2 Hour Parking 
except by permit 
8a-2:30a 
Frontage Area, 
between 
Wheatland St 
and Fellsway 
West 
South Broadway entrance Wheatland Street exit – along 
inside edge of barrier island 
All 
 East Broadway 70 feet north to sidewalk All 
Frontage Area, 
between 
Wheatland St 
and Grant Street 
South Wheatland entrance Broadway exit, along inside 
edge of barrier island 
All 
Frontage Area at 
Foss Park 
North Entrance at McGrath 
Highway 
160 feet west All 
 

--- PAGE 137 ---
1 
Schedule E 
Permit Parking 
 
 This Section has been removed as of January 4, 2010 due to the implementation of city-
wide resident permit parking (regulation 2009-23, promulgated May 21, 2009) on all public 
streets under the jurisdiction of the City of Somerville, unless otherwise posted (see 
Schedule D) 

--- PAGE 138 ---
1 
Schedule F 
On-Street Parking Meter Zones 
 
Location Side From To Restrictions 
Bay State Ave West At Broadway  1 meter 
 East At Broadway  1 meter 
Beacon Street  Washington St Museum St  
Bonner Avenue East 20 ft. north of Washington St 10 ft. south of the fire 
hydrant near the 
driveway for 237 
Washington St 
8:00am-8:00pm 
Bow St  G66  Seasonal removal Apr 1 
– Dec 1 
Broadway North 20 feet east of Strathmore 
Road 
40 feet east of Strathmore 
Road 
2 hour limit 
  #46  (2) 15 Minute Meters 
  #79  2 meters effective 
12noon to 6pm 
  #91   
  #125 #139 8:00am-8:00pm 
  #318  Removal of metered 
seasonal Removal 
  #711  Removal of metered 
seasonal Removal 
  #275  2 2-hour meters 
  20 ft. west of Pearson Rd 130 ft. west of Pearson 
Rd 
 
  #1112  2 metered spaces 
 North 20 ft. west of Lovell St. 145 ft. east of Lovell St. 5 metered spaces 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
8:00pm-8:00am 
  #1118  Removed Meter #A51 
  #1204   
  #1212   
  Clarendon Hill MBTA turn 
around 
 Seasonal Removal #A3, 
#A4 (April1- Dec1)  
  Just west of Temple St  Removal of 7 metered 
spaces 
 South Just west of School St  Removal of 2 metered 
spaces 
 South 140 ft. east of Holland St. 325 ft. east of Holland St. 7 metered spaces 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
8:00pm-8:00am 
  Rush St. Glen St.  
  #110 #102  
  35 ft. east of Franklin St. 65 ft. east of Franklin St.  
Canal St  #375  24 Minute Time Limit 
Cedar St  Franey Rd 40ft 2 NPAT 90 days 
Central St West   (2) 2Hr Parking  

--- PAGE 139 ---
2 
Chester Street    11 am to 8 pm Meters 
C221A;C220; C219: 
CR009:CR008; C216 
Claremon St. West 20 ft. south of Holland St. 40 ft. south of Holland 
St. 
1 metered space 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
12:00am-8:00am 
Clarendon Ave East Broadway 155 feet south 2 hour limit 
Curtis Street West 95 feet north of Broadway 180 feet north of 
Broadway 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
12:00am-8:00am 
Davis Square   Rite Aid Parking lot  Remove two metered 
spaces for electric 
charging stations  
Elm St  C357  Seasonal removal Apr 1 
– Dec 1 
  256/258  Removal of 4 parking 
meters, convert to pick 
up/drop off zone 
  212  Install 4 parking meters 
Franklin St. West 15 ft. south of Broadway 55 ft. south of Broadway Two meters 
 East 15 ft. south of Broadway 55 ft. south of Broadway Two meters 
Grand Union 
Blvd 
East 400 ft. south of Foley St. 280 ft. south of Foley St.  
 West Opposite Canal St. Foley St.  
Grove Street  West Parking Lot  1 2-hour meter  
  #48-50  2 2-hour meters 
Herbert Street South Chester Street Day Street 2 hour limit 
Highland Ave South 30 feet west of Cedar 70 feet west of Cedar 2 hour limit 
Holland Street North 40 feet east of Irving Street 85 feet east of Irving St 8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
12:00am-8:00am 
  20 feet south of Simpson 
Avenue 
145 feet south of 
Simpson Avenue 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
12:00am-8:00am 
  570 feet south of Broadway 150 feet south of 
Broadway 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
12:00am-8:00am 
  75 feet south of Broadway 150 feet south of 
Broadway 
Loading 8:00am-
2:00pm, meter 2:00pm-
8:00pm, RPP 12:00am-
8:00am 
  Davis Square Station  Parking Meter removal  
    Seasonal Removal  
April 1- Dec 1  
Ibbetson Street East  Approx 20 ft north of 
Somerville Ave 
1 meter 
 West  At Somerville Ave 3 meters (two meters 
restricted for use by 
actively charging 
electric vehicles only) 
Illinois Avenue East 20 Feet from Broadway Northerly 2 Parking Meters 
Josephine Ave East 20 ft south of Broadway 60 ft south of Broadway 2 meters (restricted for 
use by actively charging 
electric vehicles only) 
 West 40 ft south of Broadway 60 ft south of Broadway 1 meter 
Laurel St West Somerville Av  (4) 2Hr Parking meters 
Loading Zones  Davis Square (all)  Upon expiration of 
Loading Zone until 

--- PAGE 140 ---
3 
10pm  
Magoun Square 
Lot 
   Rescinds 2 parking 
meter spaces  
Marshall St West Broadway  128 feet south 2 hour limit 
McGrath Hwy* South 70 ft west of Middlesex Ave 115 ft west of Middlesex 
Ave 
4 meters 
Meacham Road East 200 feet west of Dover Street Dover Street 2 hour limit 
  35 feet east of Dover Street 58 feet east  
Medford Street South 78 feet south of Lowell Street Trull Street 2 hour limit 
Middlesex 
Avenue 
East Cummings Street Fellsway 415 ft 
  Foley Street Cummings Street 105 ft 
 West Cummings Street McGrath Hwy* 60 ft 
Mt. Vernon Lot    Rescinds 2 parking 
meter spaces  
Newbury Street East 20 ft south of Holland Street  4 meters (restricted for 
use by actively charging 
electric vehicles only) 
 West 85 ft south of Holland Street 130 ft south of Holland 
Street 
2 metered spaces 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
12:00am-8:00am 
Sargent Avenue West Broadway 63 feet west 2 hour limit 
Somerville Ave North 110 feet west of Lowell Street 50 feet west of Lowell St 2 hour limit 
  #483  2 parking spaces  
metered  
Stone Avenue East 30 ft north Union Square 135 ft north 5 meters (3rd & 4th 
meters are restricted for 
use by actively charging 
electric vehicles only) 
 West Union Square 40 ft north 2 meters 
Summer Street  Cutter Avenue   Removal of two parking 
metered spaces   
Sycamore Street West 22 ft. north of Medford St 42 ft. north of Medford St 1 metered space 
Thorndike Street West 20 ft. south of Holland St. 60 ft. south of Holland 
St. 
2 metered spaces 
8:00am-8:00pm, RPP 
12:00am-8:00am 
Union Square   Union Square Parking lot Remove two metered 
spaces for electric 
charging stations  
Washington 
Street  
 Washington Terrace  Mansfield Street Parking Meters 
 North #415   
 

--- PAGE 141 ---
1 
Schedule G 
Safety Zones 
 
Location Side From To  Type 
Aberdeen Road Left 20 feet Around bend Fire lane 
Acadia Park Both Somerville Av 20 feet Fire lane 
Adelaide Road East Somerville Avenue 40 feet north Fire lane 
Albion Place  Entire Length  Fire Lane 
Albion Street North Central St 30 feet west Fire lane 
Albion Street South Central St 28 feet west Fire lane 
Aldrich St East Virginia Street 50 feet Fire lane 
Allen Street West Entire length  Fire lane 
Arlington Street Odd Hathorn Street 20 ft. west Fire Lane 
Arnold Court Both Fire Lane Ends just before 
house #9 Arnold Ct 
Approx 87 ft from 
Corner Arnold Ct. 
Fire Lane 
Ash Avenue West East Albion Street 75 feet  Fire lane 
Ash Avenue East East Albion Street 102 feet Fire lane 
Ashland St West 20 feet from Summer 
Street 
 Fire lane 
 West Extending 25 ft northerly 
from Sartwell Ave 
 Fire lane 
Austin St West Maine Terrace Extending 20ft southerly Fire Lane 
 East Maine Terrace Extending 24ft southerly  Fire Lane 
Beacon Street  At intersection of Concord 
Avenue 
 Crosswalk 
Beacon Street North East of Beacon Pl For a distance of 30ft Fire Lane 
Beech Avenue Both 20 feet from Columbia 
Street 
 Fire lane 
Belmont Place North Belmont St. 20 ft. easterly Fire Lane 
South Belmont St.  183 ft. easterly Fire Lane 
Belmont Street West South of Summer St Extending 30 ft Fire Lane 
 West At the bend between #12 
and #14 Belmont St 
For a distance of 90 ft Fire Lane 
 East South of Summer St Extending 50 ft Fire Lane 
Belmont Street East Pitman St Extending 20ft south Fire Lane 
Belmont Street East Pitman St Extending 25ft north Fire lane 
Belmont Street West Opposite Pitman Street Between the utility poles at 
12 Belmont St (distance of 
38ft) 
Fire lane 
Bennett Street Both Prospect St 40 feet east Fire lane 
Bennett Street Both 240 feet east of Prospect St 160 feet northeast Fire lane 
Billingham St West 20 ft north of William St  Fire lane 
Blakeley Ave North Corner of Cross Street East 35 feet west  
  At Cross St. East Covering the width of the 
emergency access gate 
Fire Lane 
Bolton Street West At Houghton St For a distance of 20 ft Fire Lane 
Boston Ave Both Morrison Av Ext back 20ft in a northerly 
direction from the stop 
signs 
Fire lane 
Boston Street North 25 ft west from Hamlet St  Fire lane 
Broadway North #437 #459 Fire lane 
 East #326R (Private Property) 
70 feet from Broadway 
95 feet south Fire lane 

--- PAGE 142 ---
2 
 North  #435 westerly  End of the elevated section 
for additional 24 ft east  
Fire Lane 
Broadway Terrace North Prop line of #433-437 442 feet west Fire lane 
Broadway Terrace North Main Street 205 feet Fire lane 
Broadway Terrace South All  Fire lane 
Browning Rd South At #41, 16 ft from fire 
hydrant 
Westerly Fire Lane 
Browning Rd  East side (front) of #41 Extending 15t from the 
bend 
Fire Lane 
Caldwell Ave East Dead end 60 ft north Fire lane 
Caldwell Ave East Washington St 20 ft south Fire lane 
Capen Street South Somerville line Dead end Fire lane 
Cedar Avenue Both All All Fire lane 
Cedar Street  Intersection of Morrison 
Avenue 
 Crosswalk 
  120 feet south of Morrison 
Avenue 
 Crosswalk 
 East From Highland Ave Extending 46’ Fire Lane  
Central Road North 146 feet east of Central 
Street 
19 feet east Fire lane 
 West Corner at #16 47 feet north Fire lane 
 South #35 20 ft. east Fire Lane 
Centre St East Albion St 20 feet north Fire lane 
Chandler Street East Park Avenue 20 ft easterly Fire lane 
Charlestown St Both All  Fire lane 
Chester Ave South McGrath Highway 175 ft. east Fire Lane 
Clark Street West 20 feet north of Newton 
Street 
20 feet south to corner Fire lane 
 South 198 feet east of Joseph St 44 feet east Fire lane 
Clyde Street  South  Between #37 and #39 Ext 32ft east  Fire Lane  
Columbia St West Beach Av Ext 60’ north Fire Lane 
 W & S Webster Av Cambridge Line (816 ft) Fire Lane 
Columbia St East Windsor Pl 33ft south Fire Lane 
Columbus Av South West and East of Warren 
Av 
For a distance of 20ft each Fire Lane 
Conwell Street East Frances St End of Conwell St Fire lane 
Craigie Ter South 65 ft west  Fire Lane 
Crescent Street West From driveway at #34 
extending south for 27 feet 
Ending at Parking Sign Fire Lane 
Cross Street  Northeast corner of Oliver 
Street 
SW Corner of Gilman 
Street 
Crosswalk 
Cross Street East  Blakeley Ave Curb to curb at emergency 
access gate 
Fire Lane 
Cross Street Place Both 20 feet from corner  Cross Street Fire lane 
Crown Street North West and East of Lowell St For a distance of 20ft each Fire Lane 
Curtis St  Raymond Av  Crosswalk 
Delaware St South 198 feet from McGrath 
Hwy 
20 ft Fire Lane 
and 
“Except 
Police” 
Dell St East Tufts St Ext 76 ft Fire lane 
Dimick Street South West of Waldo Av For a distance of 20 ft Fire lane 
Direnzo Terrace West Back of sidewalk on 72 ft northerly to a point at Fire lane 

--- PAGE 143 ---
3 
Vernon St the end of the brick wall 
Direnzo Terrace East Back of sidewalk on 
Vernon St 
108 ft northerly to the 
utility pole 
Fire lane 
Dresden Street North 75 feet west of Cutter Ave 75 feet east to corner Fire lane 
East Albion St North Mt. Vernon Avenue Ash Avenue Fire lane 
  Moreland Fremont Fire lane 
Elm Place South Harvard Street To end Fire lane 
Elm Street North 318 feet west of Cedar 
Street 
20 feet west to corner  Fire lane 
Elmwood Street  #73 Ext. 23 ft Fire Lane 
Elmwood Terrace South 156 feet east of Elmwood 
St 
Extending 156 west Fire lane 
Elmwood Terrace North 20 feet east of Elmwood St Extending 20 feet west Fire lane 
Emerson Street West Newton St Everett St Fire lane 
 East Newton St Extending 20 feet north Fire lane 
Everett Street South Emerson St Webster Av (160ft) Fire lane 
Everett Street North Newton St Extending 290ft westerly Fire lane 
Evergreen Square Both All  Fire lane 
Eustis Street West Cambridge Line Extending 60ft north Fire lane 
Eustis Street East Cambridge Line Beacon Street Fire lane 
First Street South Innerbelt Road 30 feet west Fire lane 
Forster Street North Opposite Tennyson St 24 west from fire hydrant 
zone 
Fire Lane 
Foster Street North At Sycamore St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
     
Franklin Ave Both   Fire lane 
Franklin Street West 65 feet south of Palmer Av 38 feet south Fire lane 
Giles Park South At Walnut St For a distance of 20ft Fire lane 
Glen Street East 135 feet north of Knowlton 
St 
31 feet north Fire lane 
Gordon Street Both 
sides 
North Street 20 ft. west Fire Lane 
Greene Street South At Laurel Street For a distance of 20 ft Fire Lane 
Greenville Terrace South Entire Length  Fire Lane  
Gussie Terrace Both Entire length  Fire lane 
Hadley Court Both Franklin Street 117 feet west Fire lane 
Hamlet Street West 54 feet south of Highland 
Ave 
54 feet northerly to corner Fire lane 
  25ft north from Boston St  Fire lane 
Hanson Street  Northern corner of Skehan 
Street 
 Crosswalk 
Hanson Street South At Properzi Way For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
Hardan Road Even Ware St 83 ft. Fire Lane 
 Odd Ware St 101 ft. Fire Lane 
Harvard Place North Intersection Harvard St 20ft Fire Lane 
Harvard Street West Intersection Harvard Pl 54ft North Fire Lane 
Hawkins Street East 160 feet east of 
Washington Street 
25 feet Fire lane 
 West 15 feet west of Lake Street Corner of Lake and 
Hawkins St 
Fire lane 
Henderson Street West Wilton St Ext 25ft South Fire Lane  
Highland Ave  Hancock Street  Crosswalk 
  Intersection of Vinal  Crosswalk 

--- PAGE 144 ---
4 
Avenue 
Hillside Avenue East 145 feet south of Pearl St Extending 145 feet north Fire lane 
Hillside Circle Both Entire Reduced by 25 ft. North 
side 
Fire lane 
Holyoke Road  #12 24 feet left, and 10 feet 
right of hydrant 
Fire lane 
Holyoke Road 
(easterly leg) 
East At Elm St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
Homer Square Even #16 Homer Square Bonner Av Fire lane 
Hooker Ave  Easterly end near Endicott 
Av 
14 ft wide Fire lane 
Houghton Street Both Prospect Street 20 feet Fire lane 
 South West and east of Oak St For a distance of 20ft each Fire Lane 
 North East of Oak St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
 North East of Bolton St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
Ibbetson Street  At the bend on the inside 
corner, adjacent to #51 
Ibbetson St 
For a distance of 20 ft, and 
in front of #51 Ibbetson St 
for a distance of 20ft 
Fire Lane 
Inner Belt Road Both  95ft. each inbound side of 
the tunnel 
 Fire Lane  
  63ft at the entrance to the 
outbound side of the tunnel 
 Fire Lane  
  outbound side of the exit to 
the tunnel for a distance of 
95ft. 
 Fire Lane  
  South Extend existing fire lane by 
20ft, total length 110ft 
 Fire lane 
Jerome Street West Montrose St Ext. 20 ft Fire lane 
Joseph Street East Newton St Extending 28ft northerly Fire lane 
 West Newton St Extending 27ft northerly Fire lane 
Kensington Ave West 10ft south of fire hydrant Ext. north to the 
intersection of Middlesex 
Ave 
Fire Lane 
Kent Court South Kent Street 261 feet west Fire lane 
Kent Street Both Beacon Street Railroad tracks Fire lane 
Kilby Street East Somerville Ave 60 feet south Fire lane 
Kilby Street West All  Fire lane 
Lake Street North Hawkins Street 20 feet Fire lane 
  Church St. Extending 20 feet easterly Fire lane 
 South Driveway at #40 Extending 25 feet easterly Fire lane 
  At Olive Square Extending 20 ft. easterly Fire lane 
  At Olive Square Extending 20 ft. westerly Fire lane 
Laurel Street East At Greene St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
 Odd At Greene St 20 ft. south Fire Lane 
Lewis Street Both Parkdale Street  Fire lane 
Lexington Ave North Entrance to 35R Lexington 
Av 
Extending 7ft easterly Fire Lane 
Lexington Ave North Entrance to 35R Lexington 
Av 
Extending 9ft westerly Fire Lane 
Liberty Road Both Entire  Fire lane 
Lincoln Place Both 40 feet at back of Lincoln 
Place 
 Fire lane 
Lincoln Place Both 68 feet north of Lincoln Av End of Lincoln Place Fire lane 

--- PAGE 145 ---
5 
Lincoln Pkwy  #48  Encompassing the top of 
the circle, total length 47ft 
Fire lane 
  #16-18 Corner of Joseph Street to 
edge of driveway 
Fire Lane 
Lincoln Pkwy  #6-8 Ext. around the corner for a 
distance of 90ft 
Fire lane 
Linden Avenue Both Gussie Ter 5 feet in each direction Fire lane 
Linwood Street West 47 feet north of McGrath 
Highway/Fitchburg Street 
South to corner Fire lane 
Lowell Circle Both Lowell Street 88 feet west Fire lane 
Lowell Street  Northwest and northeast 
corners of Albion Street 
 Crosswalk 
 East At the intersection of 
Highland Av 
Extending 30ft southerly Fire lane 
 West At the intersection of 
Highland Av 
Extending 30ft southerly Fire lane 
 West North and South of Crown 
St 
For a distance of 20ft each Fire Lane 
Lowell Terrace North 20 feet west of Lowell St 40 feet east Fire lane 
 South 132 feet west of Lowell St 132 feet east Fire lane 
MacGregor Avenue Both Walnut Street Wigglesworth Street  
Main Street  At north side of Edgar Av  Crosswalk 
Maine Ave West Maine Terrace Extending 42ft southerly Fire Lane 
 East Maine Terrace Extending 20ft southerly Fire lane  
Maine Terrace North Austin St Extending 358ft easterly to 
the intersection of Maine 
Ave (entire side abutting 
route I-93) 
Fire lane 
South Austin St Extending 20ft westerly Fire lane  
Marion Street West Taunton Street 20 feet south of Taunton 
Street 
Fire lane 
West Taunton Street 20 feet north of Taunton St Fire lane 
West #28 from the telephone 
pole 
Extending 10 ft. to the 
corner 
Fire Lane 
Meacham Road  Lester Terrace  Fire lane 
Meacham Street  In front of Healy School  Fire lane 
Mead Street North 110 feet west of Cameron 
Avenue 
  
Merriam Street   Intersection of 
Charlestown Street 
84ft South  Fire  
Lane  
  120ft south of Somerville 
Ave 
 90 day trial 
period 
Miller St  #13 100ft  Fire Lane 
Monmouth St  north 10ft west of hydrant at #23 West direction of 
intersection at Harvard St 
Fire lane 
Montrose Street North  6 feet east of Montrose 
Court 
24 feet west Fire lane 
Montrose Street  Jerome Street Ext. 20 ft in both directions Fire lane 
Mt. Vernon Ave Both East Albion Street Dead end Fire lane 
Myrtle Street Odd Driveway @ #47/49 Driveway @ #53 (@ 43 ft) Fire lane 
Nashua Street Odd Richardson St. 20 ft. south Fire Lane 
Nevada Avenue South 20 ft from Hanson St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
New Washington St North 141 ft west of Inner Belt 
Rd  
Ext. 83 ft Fire Lane 

--- PAGE 146 ---
6 
Norfolk Street  140 feet west of Webster 
Avenue 
 Crosswalk 
 West At the curb opening 
between #411 and #429 
Ext 5 feet on either side  Fire Lane  
North Union Street East 20 ft from Parking lot of 
Tracer Technologies  
The fire hydrant at the end 
of the street 
Fire Lane 
Oak Street East North of Houghton St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
 West 39-41 Oak St. from the 
existing telephone pole 
Edge of driveway, for a 
distance of 28 ft. 
Fire Lane 
Park Avenue North Chandler Street 20 ft easterly Fire Lane 
Park Place  South Laurel St Ext. east for 25ft  Fire lane 
 West Ext existing fire lane  Ext 15ft Fire lane 
 East From the bend   the north end Fire Lane 
Parkdale Street  Lewis Street  Fire lane 
Pearl Street  Northeast corner of 
Bradley Street 
 Crosswalk 
 Both Pearl St Park Bus stop Crosswalk 
 North 55 feet from Crescent St  Fire lane 
 South 20 feet from Crescent St  Fire lane 
Pearl Terrace West Corner 20 feet Fire lane 
Pennsylvania Avenue Odd Cross St East 30 ft. east Fire Lane 
 Even Cross St East 20 ft. east Fire Lane 
Perkins Street North 20 feet west of Lincoln 
Street 
20 feet east of Lincoln 
Street 
Fire lane 
  20 feet west from Private 
Way across from Mt. 
Pleasant Street 
 Fire lane 
 South West of Pinckney St For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
Peterson Terrace  At Porter St Ext for 44 feet Fire Lane 
Pinckney Place South Pinckney St End of Pinckney Pl Fire Lane 
 North Pinckney St For a distance of 20 ft Fire Lane 
Pinckney St East Pickney Place Ext 20ft North and 20ft 
South 
Fire Lane 
Pitman Street South Belmont St Spring St Fire lane 
 North Spring St Belmont St Fire Lane 
 South Intersection of Belmont St Extending 42ft east Fire Lane 
Porter Street Both Gussie Ter 20 feet in each direction Fire lane 
Prescott Street  Cummings School  Crosswalk 
Preston Road  Before Summer Street for 
20 ft. on both sides 
 Fire Lane  
  At the bend  Fire lane 
  42 45 ft. east to edge of 
driveway 
Fire Lane 
Putnam Street  #15 ½, from Putnam Street 78 feet east Fire lane 
Radcliffe Road  #23-25 Bradley St 20ft east Fire lane 
Randolph Place South Cross Street 18 ft. west Fire lane 
 South Flint Avenue 94 ft. east Fire lane 
 North Entire length of the street 
(252 ft) 
 Fire lane 
Richardson Street North At Lowell St For a distance of ~25 ft Fire lane 
  Richardson Terrace Vinal Street Fire lane 
Rose Street Both 20 feet from Lewis Street  Fire lane 
Sanborn Court West 96 feet north of 96 feet south to corner Fire lane 

--- PAGE 147 ---
7 
Washington Street 
 East 176 feet north of 
Washington Street 
27 feet south Fire lane 
School Street West At both sides of Preston Rd For a distance of 20ft each Fire Lane 
  From the south curb cut of 
the driveway at #105 
48 ft south to the curb cut 
of the driveway at #107 
Fire Lane 
  At #93 50 ft south to the telephone 
pole 
Fire Lane 
Sellon Place Both Entire Length  Fire lane 
Sewall Street North Temple St. Extending 20 feet easterly Fire lane 
 South Temple St. Extending 20 feet easterly Fire lane 
Skehan Street South Hanson St 225 feet west Fire lane 
Skilton Ave East End of the property line at 
222 Pearl St 
85 ft south Fire lane 
Silvey Place South All  Fire lane 
Snow Terrace Both Jaques St. 97 ft. south Fire Lane 
Somerville Ave North 570 to Bleachery Ct ext. 
220ft 
196 ft east Fire Lane 
 East 570 entire length  Fire Lane 
Spring Hill Terrace  18-20 Spring Hill Terr Ext 48ft southerly Fire Lane 
Stone Avenue East Extending 22ft. 
Intersection  
Union Square Fire Lane 
Summer Street  Intersection of Greene 
Street 
 Crosswalk 
  Driveway at #117 Summer 15 ft west Fire lane 
  South 20 ft before Preston Road 20 ft after Preston Road  Fire Lane 
Sycamore Street Even Pembroke St. 20 ft. north Fire Lane 
Tannery Brook Row East Elmwood St Cameron Av Fire Lane 
Both Gorham St. Elmwood St., 365 ft. Fire Lane 
Taunton Street 
(Private Way) 
South Marion Street 20 feet west Fire lane 
Tower Court East Tyler Street 80 feet north Fire lane 
  80 feet north of Tyler 
Street 
34 feet north Fire lane 
Trull Lane Both Oxford Street Highland Ave  
Villa Ave West 5 feet north of Elm Court 50 feet south Fire lane 
Village Street North Ext existing fire lane 30ft Total length 369ft Fire Lane 
Walnut Road North Kenneson Rd For a distance of 20ft east Fire Lane 
Walnut Street  Northwest corner of Giles 
Park 
 Crosswalk 
 West South of Giles Park For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
  Jackson Road 20 ft north Fire Lane 
  Radcliffe Road 20 ft north Fire Lane 
Warner Street  North side of Pearson Road  Crosswalk 
Warren Avenue East At Columbus Av For a distance of 20ft Fire Lane 
Warwick Street  Beginning at the bend on 
north side  
Ext 20ft west and 20ft 
north  
Fire Lane  
 Both Cedar St. 20 ft. east Fire Lane 
Washington Street  Rossmore Street  Crosswalk 
Washington Terrace East Extending northerly 30ft 
from the intersection of 
Washington St 
 Fire Lane 
Webster Avenue East At the intersection of Extending 38ft Fire lane 

--- PAGE 148 ---
8 
Everett St 
 East Intersection of Everett St Extending 20ft south Fire lane 
  Intersection of Everett 
Street 
 Crosswalk 
  139 feet south of Norfolk 
Street 
 Crosswalk 
Weston Avenue  Broadway 286 feet south  
 Both Clarendon Av 70 feet west Fire lane 
 East  24.5 ft from the bend Ext south to the bend Fire Lane 
 North 30ft in a easterly direction   Fire Lane 
White Street East White Street Place 20 feet north Fire lane 
White Street Place North White Street 20 feet east Fire lane 
 South  Intersection of White Street Ext east for 250ft  Fire Lane 
Wilson Avenue East Broadway 110 feet south Fire lane 
 West Broadway 235 feet south Fire lane 
  From the hydrant at the 
south end 
For a distance of 10 ft east 
of the hydrant 
Fire lane 
Wilton Street South Hinckley Street 62 feet east Fire lane 
 South West of Henderson St For a distance of 20ft Fire lane 
 North 
& 
South 
At Lowell St For a distance of ~ 30 ft Fire lane 
Windsor Place Both Windsor St Earle St Fire Lane 
Windsor Street East Cambridge line North to private way Fire lane 
Woodbine Street North City sidewalk  Ext, 265ft easterly  Fire Lane 

--- PAGE 149 ---
1 
 
Schedule H 
Accessible Parking Locations 
 
Location Address 
Adrian Street 21, 37 
Albion Street 22 
Aldersey Street 18 
Aldrich Street 17 
Alpine Street 17 
Argenziano School (290 
Washington St) 
2 spots in the circle lot (public) 
Assembly Row 505 (public), 598 (public), 600 (public) 
Ash Avenue 37 
Bailey Street Corner at North St (for 127 North St) 
Bartlett Street 15 (2 spaces) 
Bonair Street South side – 38 ft. to 58 ft. west of Cross St., North side – 45 ft. to 65 ft. west of Cross St. 
(for Edgerley School) 
Bond Street 14, 32 
Bow Street 11 (public), 26 (public), 59 (public) 
Bowdoin Street At Washington St (for 317 Washington St) 
Broadway 44 (public), 73 (2 spaces, public), 84 (public), 115 (East Branch Library, public), 150 
(public), 338 (public), opposite 541 (Trum Field, 2 spaces, public), 620 (public), 715 
(public), 730 (public), 764 (public), 1188 (public) 
Bromfield Road 50, 54 
Buena Vista Lot (Buena 
Vista Road at Holland 
Street) 
4 spaces (public) 
Calvin Street 30 
Campbell Park 20 
Canal Street North side, 50 ft. to 30 ft. east of Grand Union Blvd (public) 
Capen Street 141 
Capuano Early Childhood 
Center (150 Glen St) 
2 spaces in the parking lot at 79 Franklin St (public) 
Carter Terrace 7A 
Central Street 8 
Cherry Street 14A 
Chester Ave 3 
Chetwynd Road Adjacent to 123 Hillsdale Road (for 123 Hillsdale Road) 
College Avenue 40 (West Branch Library, public), 45 (public) 
Cross Street 42 
Cypress Street 10, 15 
Dana Street 44 
Dane Street 75 (placed at 70) 
Dartmouth Street 37 
Day Street 58 (public, adjacent to Post Office), opposite 58 (public) 
Day Street/Herbert Street 
Lot (44 Day Street) 
3 spaces (public) 
Delaware Street 19 
Dilboy Stadium (110 
Alewife Brook Pwky) 
8 spaces (public) 
Dilboy Pool (324 Alewife 
Brook Pwky) 
2 spaces (public) 

--- PAGE 150 ---
2 
East Somerville 
Community School (50 
Cross Street) 
2 spaces in the lot (entrance opposite 54 Glen St, public) 
Eastman Road 19 
Electric Avenue 91-93 
Elm Street 74, 242 (public) 
Evergreen Avenue 50 (City Hall Annex Building parking lot, public) 
Fairfax Street Corner at North St (for 162 North St), 20 
Fellsway W 82, 100 
Foley Street Corner at 401 Assembly Row (public) 
Foss Park Lot (Broadway 
at McGrath Hwy) 
2 spaces (public) 
Founders Memorial 
Skating Rink (Bleachery 
Ct/Garden Ct at Somerville 
Ave) 
6 spaces (public) 
Fountain Avenue 6 
Francesca Avenue Opposite #7 (public) 
Franey Road 1 (3 spaces at Department of Public Works) 
Fremont Avenue Across from #9 Fremont Ave (for 15 Parker St) 
Fremont Street 42 
Garrison Avenue Opposite #6 (for 1262 Broadway), 42 
Gibbens Street 42 
Gilman Terrace 7 
Glen Street 48 
Great River Road Adjacent to 698 Assembly Row (public), adjacent to 699 Assembly Row (public)  
Grand Union Blvd 251 (public), West side at corner of 290 Revolution Dr (public), east side at corner of Artisan 
Way (public) 
Grant Street 57, 78 
Grove St Lots (between 
Highland Ave & Elm St) 
3 spaces (public) 
Grove St Lot (at 393 
Highland Ave) 
4 spaces (public) 
Hall Avenue 59 
Hancock Street 11 
Hanson Street 11, 38 (placed opposite 38) 
Healey School (5 
Meacham St) 
2 spaces in the lot (public) 
Heath Street 17, 57 
Highland Avenue At Walnut (2 spaces, public), east side of SHS concourse entrance (2 spaces, public), 
opposite Vinal Ave/west side of SHS concourse entrance (public), 93 (City Hall concourse, 7 
spaces, public) 191 (2 spaces in Armory lot, public), 216 (public), 399 (public) 
Hinckley Street 28 
Holland Street 71 (public), 133 (public), 227 (public) 
Houghton Street 14-16, 23 
Jacques Street 67 
James Street 15 
Jay Street East side, 20 ft. south of Holland St. to 40 ft. south of Holland St. (public) 
Josephine Avenue West side, 20 feet from Broadway, extending 20 feet (public) 
Kennedy School (5 Cherry 
St) 
2 spaces in the lot at Elm St & Cherry St (public), 2 spaces in the lot off Sartwell Ave  
(public) 
Knowlton Street 23 
Lake Street 28, 41 

--- PAGE 151 ---
3 
Laurel Street 13 
Leland Street At Washington St (for 347 Washington St) 
Lincoln Parkway Opposite 42-44 for 20 ft. at the ramp at the entrance to Lincoln Park (public) 
Linden Avenue 8 
Lowell Street 186 (placed at 187) 
Madison Street 5 
Magoun Square Lot 
(Broadway at Medford 
Street) 
3 spaces (public) 
Medford Street 446, 531 (public) 
Melvin Street 23 
Merriam Street At Washington St 1st space on west side (public), 26 (placed opposite 26) 
Middlesex Avenue First space on each side of the Courthouse parking lot (2 spaces, public), 74 (public) 
Miller Street At Beacon St (for 301C Beacon St), 6 
Miner Street 12 
Montrose Street 22, 41 
Moreland Street 78 
Mt. Vernon Street 54 
Myrtle Street 39, 76 (Bryant Manor, public) 
New Washington Street Opposite 9 New Washington (2 spaces, public), at the beginning of the dog park (2 spaces, 
public) 
Newbury Street 5 (public) 
Newton Street 76 
Oliver Street 42 
Otis Street 10 
Oxford Street Adjacent to 73 Central St (public) 
Parker Street 7 
Partridge Avenue 78, 80, 82 
Pearl Street 38, 52, 204 
Pearson Avenue 83 
Pennsylvania Avenue 27, 125 
Perry Street 11, 16 
Porter Street 15A 
Prescott Street 42 (Cummings building, public) 
Preston Road 51, 59 
Prospect Street 103 (placed at 104) 
Puritan Road 37 
Putnam Road 41-43, 46, 53 
Putnam Street 6, 21A 
Revolution Drive Corner at 305 Assembly Row (public) 
Richardson Street 27 
Rogers Avenue Adjacent to 674 Broadway (public), 29 
Russell Road 17 
School Street 65, Opposite 150 @ Reavis Field (public), Beside City Hall/east side at Highland Ave  – 4 
spaces (public), 243, 257 
Somerville Avenue 300 (public), 323 (public), 347 (public) 
Summer Street 201, 217, 351 (Dilboy Post, public), opposite 362 (public) 
Sycamore Street 149 
Taylor Street 19 
Ten Hills Road 84 (placed at 86) 
Tennyson Street Adjacent to 420 Medford St (public) 
Thurston Street Adjacent to 393 Medford Street (public), beside City Hall Annex/south of the crosswalk 
(public) 

--- PAGE 152 ---
4 
Trull Street 49 
Tyler Street 10 (2 spaces, public) 
Union Square Lot (Bonner 
Ave at Washington St) 
2 spaces (public) 
Veterans Memorial Rink 
(570 Somerville Ave) 
2 spaces (public) 
Walker Street 28 
Walnut Road 28 (located adjacent to 21) 
Walnut Street 120 
Warren Avenue 29 
Washington Street 74, 220 (Somerville Police Department, public), 268 (Hagan Manor, two spots, public), 303, 
357 (public), 374 (public) 
Wesley Park East side, 41.5 feet from Bow Street, extending 20.5 feet (public) 
Wesley Street 10, 22 
West Somerville 
Neighborhood School (177 
Powder House Blvd) 
1 space in the lot opposite 11 Raymond Ave (public) 
Westwood Road 1 (public), 12 
Wheatland Street 87 
Whitman Street 51 
Winslow Avenue 9 (Ciampa Manor, 2 spaces, public) 
Winter Hill Lot (275 
Broadway) 
2 spaces (public) 
Winter Hill School 
(Sycamore St at Medford 
St) 
Opposite 98-100 Sycamore St (public) 
Wisconsin Avenue 18, 26 
 

--- PAGE 153 ---
1 
Schedule I 
One-Way Streets 
 
Location Direction From To 
Aberdeen Road Southeast Highland Avenue Cedar Street 
Adams Street Southwest Broadway Medford Street 
Albion Street West Central Street Cedar Street 
Adrian Street West Joseph Street Marion Street 
Aldrich Street South McGrath Highway Gilman Street 
Alpine Street East Cedar Street Princeton Street 
Alston Street South and 
west 
Cross Street McGrath Highway 
Arlington Street West Lincoln Street Franklin Street 
Ashland Street Northeast Sartwell Avenue Summer Street 
Atherton Street West Central Street Spring Street 
Austin Street North Broadway Maine Terrace 
Autumn Street Northeast Bonair Street Broadway 
Avon Street East Central Street School Street 
Banks Street South Summer Street Elm Street 
Bartlett Street South Broadway Vernon Street 
Bay State Avenue South Broadway Foskett Street 
Beech Street Southwest Atherton Street Somerville Avenue 
Belknap Street South Hamilton Road Broadway 
Belmont Street North Summer Street Highland Avenue 
Belmont Street South Summer Street Somerville Avenue 
Benton Road North Highland Avenue Hudson Street 
Billingham Street Northeast William Street Broadway 
Bonair Street East McGrath Highway Cross Street 
Bond Street South Jaques Street Broadway 
Boston Avenue North Kidder Avenue Prichard Avenue 
Boston Avenue South Kidder Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Boston Street Southwest Prospect Hill Avenue Washington Street 
Bow Street North Washington Street Somerville Avenue 
Bowdoin Street South Washington Street Fremont Street 
Bowers Avenue East Cottage Avenue Elm Street 
Bristol Road Southeast Medford city line Broadway 
Broadway Northwest 
(right of 
center 
islands) 
Lombardi Way/Mt Vernon Street Main Street 
Broadway Southeast 
(right of 
center 
islands) 
Main Street Boston city line 
Broadway Terrace West Entrance at Main Street Exit on Broadway opposite 
Norwood Avenue 
Bromfield Road North Warner Street Dearborn Road 
Browning Road Southeast Central Street Sycamore Street 
Burnside Avenue South Summer Street Elm Street 
Calvin Street South Washington Street Beacon Street 
Cambria Street West Central Street Benton Road 
Cedar Avenue Northwest Linden Avenue Cedar Street 

--- PAGE 154 ---
2 
Cedar Street South  Highland Avenue Elm Street 
Central Road East Central Street Sycamore Street 
Central Street Northeast Somerville Avenue Highland Avenue 
Charnwood Road West Hancock Street Willow Avenue 
Cherry Street Southwest Summer Street Elm Street 
Chester Avenue West Cross Street McGrath Highway 
Chetwynd Road West Curtis Street Hillsdale Road 
Church Street South Summer Street Somerville Avenue 
Clarendon Avenue South Broadway Cambridge city line 
Clark Street Northwest Newton Street Lincoln Parkway 
Clifton Street South Appleton Street Morrison Avenue 
Clyde Street West Warwick Street Cedar Street 
Columbus Avenue Southeast Stone Avenue Bonner Avenue 
Concord Avenue West Prospect Street Newton Street 
Concord Avenue East Springfield St End of Island  
Concord Square North Concord Ave Newton Street 
Connecticut Avenue South Rhode Island Avenue Pennsylvania Avenue 
Conwell Street Northeast Francis Street Highland Avenue 
Cooney Street Southwest Beacon Street Line Street 
Crescent Street Southwest Pearl Street Washington Street 
Crocker Street North Crown Street Highland Avenue  
Curtis Street North Broadway Powder House Boulevard 
Cutter Avenue North Summer Street Highland Avenue 
Cutter Street North Webster Street Broadway 
Cypress Street West Central Street Beech Street 
Dana Street Northeast Pearl Street Bonair Street 
Dane Avenue West Leland Street Dane Street 
Dartmouth Street North  Medford Street Broadway 
Day Street East Cambridge city line Davis Square 
Delaware Street  South and 
West 
Pearl Street McGrath Highway 
Dell Street East Tufts Street Glen Street 
Derby Street West Grant Street Temple Street 
Dickinson Street South Springfield Street Beacon Street 
Dover Street  West Davis Square Cambridge city line 
Durham Street East Beacon Street Hanson Street 
Edmands Street South McGrath Highway Bonair Street 
Elm Street South Davis Square Russell Street 
Elm Street West Somerville Avenue Oak Terrace 
Eustis Street North Cambridge city line Beacon Street 
Everett Avenue West Cross Street McGrath Highway 
Everett Street West Newton Street Webster Avenue 
Evergreen Avenue East School Street Marshall Street 
Fairfax Street Northwest North Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Farragut Avenue South Broadway Hooker Avenue 
Fellsway West South Mystic Avenue Broadway 
Fenwick Street North Broadway Jaques Street 
Fiske Avenue  East Hinckley Street Lowell Street 
Florence Street South Pearl Street Washington Street 
Forster Street Northwest Sycamore Street Central Street 
Fountain Avenue East Cross Street Glen Street 
Francesca Avenue West Liberty Avenue College Avenue 

--- PAGE 155 ---
3 
Franklin Avenue North Washington Street Franklin Street 
Franklin Street North Pearl Street Broadway 
Franklin Street South Pearl Street Washington Street 
Fremont Avenue East Bowdoin Street Parker Street 
Frontage Road between 
Fellsway West and 
Wheatland Street 
West Entrance on Broadway Exit at Wheatland Street 
Frontage Road between 
Wheatland Street and 
Grant Street 
West Entrance on Wheatland Street Exit onto Broadway 
George Street South Broadway Lincoln Avenue 
Gibbons Street East Benton Road Central Street 
Gilman Street Northwest Aldrich Street Walnut Street 
Gilman Street East Aldrich Street Cross Street 
Glen Street South  Broadway Pearl Street 
Glen Street North Tufts Street Pearl Street 
Glenwood Road North Vernon Street Broadway 
Gordon Street Northwest North Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Gorham Street North Howard Street Holland Street 
Grant Street North Broadway Mystic Avenue 
Greene Street North Laurel Street Summer Street 
Grove Street South Morrison Avenue Winslow Avenue 
Grove Street North Highland Avenue Somerville Community Path 
Hall Avenue West Liberty Avenue College Avenue 
Hall Street Southeast Cherry Street Cedar Street 
Hancock Street North Summer Street Charnwood Road  
Hancock Street South Summer Street Elm Street 
Hanson Street South Village Street Washington Street 
Harding Street North Cambridge city line South Street 
Harding Street South Ward Street South Street 
Harvard Street Southwest Summer Street Atherton Street 
Hathorn Street South Broadway Arlington Street 
Hawkins Street Northeast Washington Street Somerville Avenue 
Hawthorne Street East Cutter Avenue Willow Avenue 
Heath Street East Fenwick Street Temple Street 
Henderson Street South Richardson Street Wilton Street 
Henry Avenue North Highland Avenue Lexington Avenue 
High Street West North Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Highland Avenue West Cutter Avenue Davis Square 
Hill Street Southwest Fairmont Avenue Broadway 
Hinckley Street South Richardson Street Wilton Street 
Horace Street North South Street Ward Street 
Houghton Street Southeast Springfield Street Cambridge city line 
Hudson Street Southeast Cedar Street Central Street 
Hunting Street South South Street Cambridge city line 
Illinois Avenue South Pennsylvania Avenue Broadway 
Indiana Avenue North  Broadway Pennsylvania Avenue 
Irving Street Southwest Broadway Holland Street 
Irvington Road Northwest 42/45 Irvington Road Mystic Valley Parkway 
James Street South Radcliffe Road Pearl Street 
Jaques Street West Temple Street Edgar Avenue 
Jay Street South Holland Street Howard Street 
Josephine Avenue North Kidder Avenue Broadway 

--- PAGE 156 ---
4 
Josephine Avenue South Kidder Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Kenneson Road South Broadway Walnut Road 
Kensington Avenue North Broadway Blakeley Avenue 
Kenwood Street East Bellingham Street College Avenue 
Knapp Street East Granite Street School Street 
Langmaid Avenue Southwest Heath Street Broadway 
Laurel Street Southwest Summer Street Somerville Avenue 
Leland Street North Washington Street Dane Avenue 
Leonard Street North Broadway Powder House Boulevard 
Lewis Street East Magnus Avenue Rose Street 
Lewis Street West Parkdale Street Rose Street 
Lexington Avenue Southeast Willow Avenue Cedar Street 
Liberty Avenue North Kidder Avenue Broadway 
Liberty Road North Morrison Avenue Liberty Avenue/Appleton Street 
Lincoln Avenue East Lincoln Street Mt. Vernon Street 
Lincoln Parkway Southwest Clark Street Joseph Street 
Lincoln Street South Broadway Perkins Street 
Line Street Northwest Cambridge city line Washington Street 
Lovell Street North Broadway Electric Avenue 
Lowden Avenue North Foskett Street Broadway 
Lowell Street Northeast Somerville Avenue Highland Avenue 
Madison Street East Sycamore Street School Street 
Magnus Avenue South Washington Street Lewis Street 
Maine Avenue South Maine Terrace Pennsylvania Avenue 
Maine Terrace West Austin Street Maine Avenue 
Mallet Street East Liberty Avenue Willow Avenue 
Mansfield Street North Somerville Avenue Washington Street 
Marion Street East Waldo Street/Dimick Street Wyatt Street 
Marshall Street Southwest Broadway Pearl Street 
Meacham Road Southwest Dover Street Orchard Street 
Melvin Street North Bonair Street Broadway 
Memorial Road North River Road Mystic Avenue 
Merriam Street South Washington Street  Somerville Avenue 
Merriam Street North Charlestown Street Somerville Avenue  
Michigan Avenue North Broadway Pennsylvania Avenue 
Milton Street South Orchard Street Cambridge city line 
Minnesota Avenue South Pennsylvania Avenue Broadway 
Montrose Street West School Street Sycamore Street 
Moore Street North Mead Street Holland Street 
Moreland Street North Main Street Mystic Avenue 
Morgan Street Southwest Park Street Beacon Street 
Morton Street Southeast Glen Street Knowlton Street 
Mossland Street Southwest Elm Street Somerville Avenue 
Mt. Pleasant Street Southwest Broadway Perkins Street 
Mt. Vernon Street South Pearl Street Washington Street 
Mt. Vernon Street North Pearl Street Broadway 
Myrtle Street North Washington Street Pearl Street 
Newberne Street South Appleton Street Morrison Avenue 
Newbury Street South Holland Street Cambridge city line 
New Hampshire Avenue Southeast Vermont Avenue Pennsylvania Avenue 
Newton Street Northeast Webster Avenue Prospect Street 
Newton Street South Prospect Street Everett Avenue 

--- PAGE 157 ---
5 
Norfolk Street North Cambridge city line Webster Avenue 
Norwood Avenue Northeast Medford Street Broadway 
Oak Street Northeast 
and East 
Cambridge city line Bolton Street 
Oakland Avenue East School Street Marshall Street 
Oliver Street West Glen Street Cross Street 
Orchard Street Southeast Meacham Street Cambridge city line 
Otis Street West Cross Street McGrath Highway 
Oxford Street West School Street Central Street 
Park Avenue East Wallace Street College Avenue 
Parkdale Street South  Washington Street Lewis Street 
Parker Street North Fremont Avenue Washington Street 
Partridge Avenue South Broadway Vernon Street 
Paulina Street Northeast Holland Street Broadway 
Pearl Street East Mt Vernon Street Crescent Street 
Pearson Avenue North Kidder Avenue Boston Avenue 
Pearson Avenue South Kidder Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Pearson Road Southeast Dearborn Road Broadway 
Pembroke Street East Central Street Sycamore Street 
Perkins Street Southeast Mt. Pleasant Street Boston city line 
Perkins Street North Mt. Pleasant Street Mt. Vernon Street 
Pinckney Street South Pearl Street Washington Street 
Pitman Street West Beech Street Spring Street 
Prichard Avenue South Boston Avenue Kidder Avenue 
Prichard Avenue North Morrison Avenue Kidder Avenue 
Quincy Street North Somerville Avenue Summer Street 
Rhode Island Avenue Northwest Pennsylvania Avenue Connecticut Avenue 
Richdale Avenue West School Street Sycamore Street 
Rogers Avenue North  Morrison Avenue Kidder Avenue 
Rogers Avenue South Boston Avenue Kidder Avenue 
Rose Street North Lewis Street Washington Street 
Roseland Street West Beacon Street Cambridge city line 
Rossmore Street South Washington Street Somerville Avenue 
Rush Street North Brook Street Broadway 
Russell Road South  Hamilton Road  Broadway 
Russell Street Northeast Cambridge city line Summer Street 
Sanborn Avenue Southeast Walnut Street Warren Avenue 
Sargent Avenue West and 
north 
Walnut Street Broadway 
Sartwell Avenue West Cedar Street Cherry Street 
School Street South Medford Street Somerville Avenue 
Sewall Street East Temple Street Grant Street 
Simpson Avenue South  Broadway Holland Street 
Smith Avenue West Beacon Street Line Street 
Somerville Avenue East 130 feet east of Church Street Washington Street 
South Street West Medford Street Hunting Street 
Spencer Avenue East Hancock Street Cedar Street 
Spring Hill Terrace Southeast or 
Northeast 
Belmont Street Highland Avenue 
Spring Street South Atherton Street 75 ft north of Somerville Avenue 
Sterling Street Northwest North Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Stone Avenue North Washington Street Columbus Avenue 
Summer Street East Elm Street Willow Avenue 

--- PAGE 158 ---
6 
Sycamore Street North Highland Avenue Broadway 
Taylor Street North Sydney Street Mystic Avenue 
Teele Avenue West Packard Avenue  Curtis Street 
Temple Road Northwest Bailey Road Shore Drive 
Tennyson Street Northeast Pembroke Street Medford Street 
Thurston Street South Broadway Medford Street 
Tremont Street South Webster Avenue Cambridge city line 
Trull Street Northeast Vernon Street Medford Street 
Vermont Avenue North Pennsylvania Avenue New Hampshire Avenue 
Victoria Street Southwest Broadway Woodstock Street 
Village Street Northwest Dane Street Properzi Way/Hanson Street 
Vinal Avenue South Highland Avenue Summer Street 
Walker Street East Leonard Street Broadway 
Wallace Street South Broadway Holland Street 
Walnut Street North Bow Street Broadway 
Ward Street West Horace Street Harding Street 
Warren Street North  Cambridge city line Medford Street 
Warwick Street West/north Cedar Street Clyde Street 
Waterhouse Street Northeast  Woodstock Street Broadway 
Wesley Street Northeast Pearl Street Otis Street 
Westminster Street South Electric Avenue Broadway 
Westwood Road East Benton Road Central Street 
Wheatland Street South Jaques Street Broadway 
Wheatland Street North Jaques Street Mystic Ave 
Whipple Street Northeast Highland Avenue Willow Avenue 
White Street West Elm Street Cambridge city line 
Whitfield Road West Packard Avenue Curtis Street 
Whitman Street East Packard Avenue Mason Street 
Wigglesworth Street Southwest Bonair Street Pearl Street 
Willow Avenue North Elm Street  Highland Avenue 
Wilton Street East Hinckley Street Lowell Street 
Windom Street South Summer Street Elm Street 
Windsor Road West Hancock Street Willow Avenue 
Winslow Avenue West Grove Street College Avenue 
Winter Street West College Avenue Holland Street 
Wisconsin Avenue North Broadway Pennsylvania Avenue 
Woods Avenue Northwest North Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Woodstock Street West Victoria Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
 
 
 
One Way Streets (Private Ways) 
 
Location Direction From To 
Albion Street West Medford city line Broadway 
Alfred Street North Broadway Medford city line 
Benedict Avenue South Benedict Street Broadway 
Bowers Avenue North Cottage Avenue Elm Street 
Dexter Street South Medford city line Broadway 
Everett Street West Newton Street Webster Avenue 
Irvington Road Southwest Boston Avenue 42/45 Irvington Road 
Kenneson Road South Broadway Walnut Road 

--- PAGE 159 ---
7 
Liberty Road North Morrison Avenue Liberty Avenue 
Mondamin Court West Ivaloo Street Harrison Street 
Prentiss Street Southwest Beacon Street Cambridge city line 
Strathmore Road South Medford city line Broadway 
Talbot Avenue East Packard Avenue Latin Way 
Village Street West Dane Street Hanson Street 
Whipple Street North and West Highland Avenue Willow Avenue 
 
 
 
 
One Way Streets (Contraflow Bicycling Allowed) 
 
 
Location Direction From To 
Central Street South Highland Avenue Summer Street 
Glen Street North Pearl Street Broadway 
Glen Street South Pearl Street Tufts Street 
Gilman Street East Walnut Street Aldrich Street 
Gilman Street West Cross Street Aldrich Street 
Hancock Street South Charnwood Road Summer Street 
Hancock Street North Elm Street Summer Street 
Hawkins Street South Somerville Avenue Washington Street 
Marshall Street North Pearl Street Broadway 
Newton Street Southwest Everett Street Webster Avenue 
Oliver Street East Cross Street Glen Street 
Otis Street East McGrath Highway Cross Street 
School Street North Somerville Community 
Path 
Medford Street 
Walnut Street South Gilman Street Somerville Community 
Path 

--- PAGE 160 ---
1 
Schedule J 
No Turn on Red 
 
Street Direction To 
Beacon Street Northeast Park Street 
 Southwest Park Street 
 Southwest Washington Street  
 Northeast Washington Street 
Beech Street West Somerville Avenue 
Bow Street North Wesley Park 
Broadway Northeast Dexter Street and Medford Street 
 South Boston Avenue 
 Southeast Medford Street 
 North Temple Street 
 South Cross Street 
 North Cross Street 
Cedar Street South Summer Street 
 South Highland Avenue 
 Northwest Elm Street 
Central Street North Medford Street 
 South Medford Street 
 North Highland Avenue 
 South Highland Avenue 
 North Summer Street 
College Avenue East Morrison Avenue 
 West Holland Street 
Cross Street East Pearl Street 
 West Pearl Street 
Cutter Square East Summer Street 
Cutter Avenue  East Highland Avenue 
Dane Street South Washington Street 
Day Street East  Elm Street 
Elm Street  North Cutter Avenue 
 Southwest Mossland Street 
Fellsway West West Broadway 
Foley Street West Middlesex Avenue 
Highland Avenue West Willow Avenue 
 West College Avenue 
 West Lowell Street 
 East Cedar Street 
 West Cedar Street 
 East Hamlet Street 
 West Walnut Street 
 East School Street 
 West Central Street 
 Northeast College Avenue 
Holland Street South  Dover Street 
Jaques Street North Temple Street 
Lowell Street South Highland Avenue 
 North Highland Avenue 
Medford Street East Broadway 
 West Broadway 

--- PAGE 161 ---
2 
 South  Central Street 
 North  Central Street 
 South  School Street 
 North  School Street 
 West  Highland Avenue 
 North Walnut Street 
 North  Sycamore Street 
Middlesex Avenue North Foley Street 
Morrison Avenue North  College Avenue 
Mt. Vernon Street  East Broadway 
Mystic Avenue North Grand Union Boulevard 
  Revolution Drive 
North Street Northwest Powder House Boulevard 
 East Powder House Boulevard 
 West Broadway 
Park Street Northwest Beacon Street 
Pearl Street South  Cross Street 
 North  Cross Street 
 North  Walnut Street 
Powder House Blvd. North  North Street 
 South North Street 
Prospect Street East Somerville Avenue 
  Webster Ave 
 West Somerville Avenue 
Russell Street East Elm Street 
School Street North Medford Street 
 South Highland Avenue 
 North Summer Street 
Somerville Avenue East Union Square 
 East  Prospect Street 
 West Prospect Street 
 West Bow Street 
 West Washington Street 
Summer Street North Willow Avenue 
 South  Cedar Street 
 South  School Street 
 North Central Street 
 Southwest Bow Street 
Sycamore Street East Medford Street 
Temple Street West Broadway 
 East  Jaques Street 
 West Jaques Street 
Union Square West Washington Street 
 North Stone Avenue 
 North  Warren Avenue 
Walnut Street East Broadway 
 Southeast Medford Street 
 East  Highland Avenue 
 East  Pearl Street 
Washington Street Northwest Beacon Street 
 Southeast Beacon Street 
 South  Webster Avenue 

--- PAGE 162 ---
3 
 West Dane Street 
Wesley Park Northwest Summer Street 
Willow Avenue North Highland Avenue 
 South Highland Avenue 
 North Summer Street 
 North Broadway 
 

--- PAGE 163 ---
1 
Schedule K 
Do Not Enter 
 
Street not to be Entered Direction Intersecting Street Times 
Cherry Street  Summer St Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Concord Street  Beacon Street Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Durham Street   Beacon Street Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles 
Edgar Ave  Meacham Street No Right Turn 7am-3pm, 
Monday-Friday, Sept-June, 
except for School Staff & 
Abutters 
Eliot Street   Park Street  Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Farragut Avenue   Broadway  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles 
Fenwick Street   Broadway  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles (90day trial 
period) 
Garrison Avenue   Broadway  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles 
Governors Winthrop Road   Shore Drive  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles 
Greenville Street Southwest Msgr. McGrath Highway Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Hamlet Street   Highland Avenue  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles 
Lincoln Street  Broadway Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
McGrath Highway  Bonair Street No Right Turn, 7-9am &2-
6pm, Monday-Friday, except 
for School Staff & Abutters 
Meacham Street  Century St/Ash Ave Do Not Enter, 7:00-8:00AM & 
2:00-3:00PM, Monday-Friday, 
September-June 
Morgan Street  Park St Do Not Enter and/or No 

--- PAGE 164 ---
2 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Mt. Vernon Street Northeast Washington Street Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Mt. Vernon Street  From Pearl Street to Broadway Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Myrtle Street  Washington Street Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Properzi Way   Beacon Street  Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Prospect Hill Avenue Southwest Msgr. McGrath Highway All (rescind, see schedule M) 
Raymond Avenue  Curtis St Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Sartwell Avenue  Cedar St Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Shore Drive  Mystic Ave Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Shore Drive  Fellsway Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Skehan Street   Dane Street  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles  
Temple Road  Mystic Ave Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Tufts Street  Washington Street Do Not Enter and/or No 
Left/Right Turn from 7am-
9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Village Street   Dane Street  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles  
Victoria Street   Broadway  Do Not Enter from 7a-9a and 
4p-6p, except city residents 
and bicycles 
 

--- PAGE 165 ---
1 
Schedule L 
U-Turns Prohibited 
 
Street Direction Intersecting Street 
Boston Avenue  Pearson Av 
Boston Avenue  Prichard Av 
Broadway West Franklin Street 
 West Austin Street 
 West Cross Street 
 West Cutter Street 
 West George Street 
 West Glen Street 
 West Grant Street 
 West Main Street 
 West Marshall Street 
 West Medford Street 
 West Temple Street 
 West Thurston Street 
 West School Street 
 East Wheatland Street 
 East Fellsway West 
 East Illinois Avenue 
 East Franklin Street 
 East Pennsylvania Avenue 
 East Cross Street 
 East George Street 
 East Hathorn Street 
 East Wisconsin Street 
 East Fenwick Street 
 East Medford Street 
 East School Street 
Highland Avenue West Hamlet St 
Medford Street West Highland Av 
Medford Street North  
 

--- PAGE 166 ---
1 
Schedule M 
Turns Prohibited 
 
Street Side Turn Prohibited To  Other 
Austin Street  Left Broadway  
Bailey Road  Right Temple Rd Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Beacon Street  Left Ivaloo St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
  Left Museum St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Bond Street  Left Broadway  
Braemore Road  Left Broadway Terrace  
Broadway West Left Boston Avenue  
 West Left Dartmouth Street  
  Left Endicott Street  Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
  Left Garrison Avenue Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
 West Left  Holland Street  
 West Left Walnut Street  
 West Left Willow Avenue  
 West Left Victoria Street Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
 East Right Fellsway West  
 East Right  Mt. Pleasant St  
 East Right Wheatland Street  
 Both Left Lincoln St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Cameron Avenue  Left Mead St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Concord Avenue  Both Prospect St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
  Both Beacon St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
College Avenue South Left Kidder Avenue Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Curtis Street South Left Teele Avenue  
 South Right Ossipee Rd Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
 North Left Raymond Av 7-9am, 2-3pm Mon-Fri (rescinded 10-20-

--- PAGE 167 ---
2 
04) 
 South Right Raymond Av 7-9am, 2-3pm Mon-Fri (rescinded 10-20-
04) 
Elm Street North Right Banks Street  
 North Right Burnside Avenue  
Grandview Avenue  Left Walnut Street  No Left Turn 7a-9a and 4p-6p, except city 
residents and bicycles onto Grandview Av 
from Vinal Av 
 North Right Hancock Street  
Glenwood Road  Right Medford Street Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Highland Avenue East Left  Medford Street  
Holland Street  Left Broadway  
Ivaloo Street  Right Park Street  Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Kilsyth Road  Left Broadway Terrace  
Langmaid Avenue  Left Broadway  
Lombardi Street  Right Mystic Avenue  
McGrath Highway  Right Greenville St 7-9am,4-6pm except residents, rescinded 
see schedule K 
McGrath Highway  Right Bonair St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
McGrath Highway  Right Prospect Hill Av Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Mead Street  Left Cameron Av Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Medford Street North Right Pearl Street  
   Glenwood Rd Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Melvin Street North Left Broadway  
Minnesota Avenue  Left Broadway  
Montgomery Avenue  Left Broadway  
Mt. Pleasant St.  Left Perkins St. 7AM-9AM, 4PM-6PM 
Myrtle Street  Both Washington Street Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Mystic Avenue  Right Fellsway West Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Newton Street  Right Webster Av Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Norwood Avenue North Left Broadway Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Pearl Street  Left 180-182 Pearl St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 

--- PAGE 168 ---
3 
Pearl St (#180-182)  Right Aldrich St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Pearl Street  Right Jasper St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Rush Street  Left Broadway  
Sargent Avenue  Left Broadway  
Shore Drive  Left Bailey Road Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Skehan Street  Right Dane St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Summer Street West Right Cedar Street  
  Right Laurel St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
  Both Cherry St Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
  Right  Church Street  No Right Turn from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm 
except city residents and bicycles onto 
Church St from Summer St 
Sycamore Street  Left Broadway  
Tenny Court  Left Mystic Avenue  
Tufts Street  Both Washington Street Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
Village Street  Right Dane St 7-9am, 4-7pm 
Walnut Street   Left Grandview Street Do Not Enter and/or No Left/Right Turn 
from 7am-9am and 4pm-6pm except city 
residents and bicycles 
 

--- PAGE 169 ---
1 
Schedule N 
Mandatory Turns 
 
Street Turn To 
Broadway Left Cross Street  
 Left Wisconsin Avenue 
 Left Cutter Street 
 Left Glen Street 
 Left Fenwick Street 
 Left Temple Street 
 Left Marshall Street 
 Left School Street 
 Left  Thurston Street 
 Right Medford Street 
 Right Hinckley Street 
 Right Holland Street 
 Right Clarendon Avenue 
 Right Boston Avenue 
Bow Street Left  Somerville Avenue 
Day Street Right Elm Street 
Lombardi Street Left Broadway  
Mystic Avenue Left Lombardi Street 
Prospect Street Left Somerville Avenue 
 Right Somerville Avenue 
Webster Street Left Prospect Street 
 Left Somerville Avenue 
 Right Prospect Street 
 

--- PAGE 170 ---
1 
Schedule O 
Stop Signs 
 
Street Direction Intersection 
Bay State Avenue North & South Kidder Avenue 
Blakeley Avenue  Cross Street East 
Bond Street  Heath Street 
Boston Avenue North – turning right Broadway 
Bowers Avenue Northeast Elm Street 
Brook Street NW & SE Rush Street 
Carlton Street North Somerville Avenue 
Church Street North Somerville Avenue 
Concord Avenue Both Springfield St 
Conwell Avenue West North Street 
Cummings Street  Middlesex Avenue 
Derby Street Northwest Grant Street 
Emerson Street North Everett Street 
Fenwick Street  Heath Street 
Foley Street Four Way Stop Revolution Drive  
Foskett Street West Liberty Avenue 
Franey Road West Cedar Street 
Granite Street North Osgood Street 
Harrison Street East Ivaloo Street 
Highland Avenue Southwest Elm Street 
Hersey Street North Oxford Street 
Jaques Street NW & SE Grant Street 
Joseph Street  Newton Street 
Kidder Avenue  Liberty Avenue 
Kidder Avenue  Rogers Avenue 
Kidder Avenue  Prichard Avenue 
Liberty Avenue North & South Kidder Avenue 
Loring Street North Osgood Street 
Lowden Avenue North & South Kidder Avenue 
Lowell Street NE & SW Highland Avenue 
Marshall Street   Allow two-way bicycling on Marshall 
St between Pearl St and Broadway  
Medford Street East and West Pearl Street 
Merriam Street South Somerville Avenue 
Monmouth Street West Harvard Street 
Morgan Street  Beacon Street 
Mt. Vernon Street North Perkins Street 
Newton Street Northeast Webster Avenue 
Packard Avenue All (4way) Powder House Blvd 
Park Avenue Southeast College Avenue 
Pearl Street East & West Cross Street 
Princeton Street  Alpine Street 
Prospect Hill Avenue/Pkwy All (4-way) Munroe Street 
Prospect Street North & South Somerville Avenue 
School Street Southwest Highland Avenue 
Summit Street West Billingham Street 
Summer Street All (4 way) Cherry St 
Trull Lane South Oxford Street 

--- PAGE 171 ---
2 
Wallace Street Southwest Holland Street 
Washington Street  Myrtle Street 
Wesley Park South Summer Street 
Weston Avenue East – turning right Clarendon Avenue 
Wheatland Street NE & SW Jaques Street 
Willow Avenue All (4-way) Kidder Avenue 
Windsor Place  Elbow in Roadway  
Winslow Avenue Northwest College Avenue 
Winter Street Northwest Holland Street 
 

--- PAGE 172 ---
1 
Schedule P 
Operation of Heavy Commercial Vehicles Restricted 
 
Street From To 
Boston Avenue  Morrison Avenue Ball Square 
Cameron Avenue Holland Street Cambridge line 
Clarendon Avenue Holland Street Cambridge line 
Chester Street Elm Street Cambridge line 
Cypress Street Central Street Beech Street 
Day Street Cambridge Line Davis Square 
Dover Street Davis Square Cambridge Line 
Everett Avenue Cross Street Msgr. McGrath Hwy 
Fisk Avenue Hinckley Street Lowell Street 
Highland Road Boston Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Josephine Avenue Broadway Morrison Avenue 
Kensington Avenue Broadway Blakeley Avenue 
Mossland Street Elm Street Somerville Avenue 
Newbury Street Holland Street Cambridge line 
Oxford Street Beacon Street Cambridge Line 
Pearson Avenue Boston Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Prichard Avenue Boston Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Prospect Hill Parkway Columbus Avenue Munroe St 
Prospect Street Washington St Cambridge Line 
Rogers Avenue Broadway Morrison Avenue 
Russell Street Cambridge Line  Elm St 
Summer Street School Street Cutter Street 
From 11PM to 6AM only 
Washington Street Webster Avenue Beacon Street 

--- PAGE 173 ---
1 
Schedule Q 
Speed Zones 
 
Street Direction From To Speed Total Distance 
Ash Avenue  200 feet north of 
Meacham St 
 20 mph - School  
Berkeley Street Both School Street 264 feet west 20 mph - School  
Bonair Street Both Cross Street 23’E of MacArthur 
Street 
20 mph- School  
Boston Street North Prospect Hill 
Avenue 
Walnut Street 20 mph 0.23 mi 
Boston Street South Walnut Street Washington Street 20 mph 0.37 mi 
Broadway East 
 
West 
Alewife Brook 
Parkway 
Mt. Vernon Street 
Somerville/Boston 
City Line 
Alewife Brook 
Parkway 
25 mph - School 
 
25 mph-School 
3.22 mi 
 
3.17mi 
Calvin Street South Washington Street Beacon Street 20 mph 0.13 mi 
Cameron Ave North Cambridge line Holland Street 25 mph 0.22 mi 
 South Holland Street Cambridge line 25 mph 0.22 mi 
Cedar Street North Highland Avenue Broadway 25 mph 0.49 mi 
 South Broadway Elm Street 25 mph 0.83 mi 
Central Street Both 50’S of Highland 
Avenue 
50’N of Highland 
Avenue 
20 mph - School  
Century St  200 feet south of 
Meacham St 
 20 mph – School  
Columbus Ave East Walnut St Washington St 15mph 0.27 mi 
 West Stone Av Washington St 15mph 0.11 mi 
Clark Street Both 269’N of Newton St Joseph Street 20 mph – School  
Cross Street North McGrath Highway Broadway 20 mph 0.51 mi 
 South Broadway McGrath Highway 20 mph 0.51 mi 
 Both 180’S of Broadway Pearl Street 20 mph – School  
Curtis Street Both Sunset Rd Powderhouse Blvd 20 mph – School   
Dell Street  300 feet west of 
Glen Street 
 20 mph – School  
Edgar Avenue  300 feet south of 
Meacham Street 
 20 mph – School  
Elm Street Both 190’W of Cedar St 77’E of White Street 20 mph- School  
Fountain 
Avenue 
 300 feet west of 
Glen Street 
 20 mph – School   
Franklin Avenue  150 feet east of 
Franklin Street 
 20 mph – School  
Franklin Street North Washington St Broadway 20 mph 0.43 mi 
 South Pearl St Terrace Washington Street 20 mph 0.23 mi 
 Both 53’S of Webster St 29’N of Arlington 
Street 
20 mph – School  
Glen Street Both 158’N of Webster St Pearl Street 20 mph - School  
Glen Street  Tufts St  20 mph - School  
Highland Ave Both 50’W of Central St 550’E 20 mph - School  
Highland Road North Morrison Avenue Boston Avenue 25 mph 0.29 mi 
 South Boston Avenue Morrison Avenue 25 mph 0.29 mi 
Josephine Ave Both Kidder Avenue 218 feet south 20 mph – School  
Kidder Avenue Both College Avenue Boston Avenue 25 mph - School 0.48 mi 
      

--- PAGE 174 ---
2 
Lowell Street North Somerville Av Medford St 25 mph 0.91 mi 
Lowell Street South Medford St Highland Av 25mph 0.48 mi 
Marshall Street South Broadway Pearl Street 25 mph 0.32 mi 
Meacham Street  300 feet west of 
Edgar Ave 
 20 mph – School  
Medford Street Both 12’W of Dartmouth 
Street 
9’E of Tennyson 
Street 
20 mph - School  
Middlesex 
Avenue 
North Mystic Avenue Route 28 (Fellsway) 25 mph 0.40 mi 
 
Middlesex 
Avenue 
South Route 28 (Fellsway) Mystic Avenue 25 mph 0.35 mi 
Munroe Street East Walnut St Boston St 25 mph 0.30 mi 
Munroe Street West Boston St Walnut St 25 mph 0.30 mi 
Oliver Street  Franklin Street  20 mph – School  
Otis Street Both Cross Street 253 feet west 20 mph - School  
Packard Avenue Both Broadway 30’N of Whitman St 20 mph - School  
Porter Street North Elm St Highland Av 25 mph 0.39 mi 
Porter Street South Highland St Elm St 25 mph 0.39 mi 
Powderhouse 
Blvd. 
Both Curtis Street 84’W of Dow Street 20 mph - School  
Prescott Street Both 284’N of Summer 
Street 
222’S of Highland 
Avenue 
20 mph - School  
Raymond Ave Both Curtis Street 646’W of North St 20 mph - School  
School Street North Medford Street Broadway 25 mph 0.30 mi 
 South Broadway Somerville Avenue 25 mph 0.85 mi 
 Both 19’S of Oxford St 41’S of Avon Street 20 mph - School  
Somerville Ave Both Laurel Street Granite Street 20 mph - School  
Summer Street East Willow Avenue Bow Street 25 mph 1.32 mi 
 West Bow Street Willow Avenue 25 mph 1.32 mi 
 Both 69’W of Belmont St 115’E of Spring St 20 mph - School  
Sycamore Street Both 55’N of Medford St Evergreen Ave 20 mph - School  
Temple Street Both 100’S of Mystic 
Avenue 
Derby Street 20 mph - School  
Thurston Street Both Medford Street 47’S of Evergreen 20 mph - School  
Tremont Street South Webster Avenue Cambridge line 20 mph 0.29 mi 
Walnut Street North Bow Street Broadway 25 mph 0.77 mi 
Ward Street East Harding Street Medford Street 20 mph 0.09 mi 
 West Horace Street Harding Street 20 mph 0.03 mi 
Washington St Both McGrath Highway Somerville/Boston 
City Line 
25 mph - School 0.46 mi 
Webster Avenue Both Washington Street Newton Street 20 mph - School  
Willow Avenue Both 82’ N of Kidder 
Avenue 
183’ S of Kidder 
Avenue 
20 mph – School   
 

--- PAGE 175 ---
1 
 
Schedule R 
Hazardous and Congested Places 
 
Street Side From To 
College Avenue East Highland Avenue 155 feet north 
Elm Street East Highland Avenue 110 feet south 
  170 feet north of Grove Street 280 feet north of Grove Street 
  Grove Street 40 feet north of Grove Street 
 West Day Street 40 feet south of Day Street 
  Chester Street 40 feet north of Chester Street 
  Bowers Avenue 35 feet north of Bowers Avenue 
Highland Avenue North College Avenue 110 feet east of College Avenue 
  265 feet east of College Avenue 305 feet east of College Avenue 
  Grove Street 40 feet west of Grove Street 
 South College Avenue 150 feet east of College Avenue 
  265 feet east of College Avenue 325 feet east of College Avenue 
  Grove Street 50 feet west of Grove Street 
Holland Street West Dover Street Day Street 
Lowell Street East Vernon Street 40 feet south 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 176 ---
2 
Schedule S 
Speed Safety Zones 
 
Street  Start  End  
Aberdeen Road Highland Avenue Cedar Street  
Adams Street Broadway Medford Street 
Adrian Street Joseph Street Marion Street 
Albion Street  Central Street Cedar Street  
Aldrich Street Virginia Street Gilman Street 
Allen Street Somerville Ave Charlestown Street 
Alpine Street  Cedar Street  Lowell Street 
Alston Street Cross Street McGrath Highway 
Ames Street Bartlett Street Robinson Street (both directions)  
Appleton Street Liberty Avenue Willow Avenue 
Arlington Street Lincoln Street Franklin Street 
Ash Avenue Meacham Street East Albion Street 
Ashland Street  Sartwell Avenue Summer Street  
Atherton Street Central Street Spring Street 
Auburn Avenue Cross Street End of roadway 
Austin Street Broadway   Maine Terrace 
Autumn Street Bonair Street Broadway 
Avon Street Central Street School Street 
Bailey Road Shore Drive Ten Hills Road 
Bailey Street  North Street   W Adams Street (both directions)  
Banks Street  Summer Street  Elm Street  
Bartlett Street Broadway   Vernon Street 
Barton Street  Broadway   Hamilton Road (both directions)  
Baystate Avenue Broadway Foskett Street 
Beech Street Atherton Street Somerville Avenue 
Belknap Street  Hamilton Road Broadway   
Belmont Place Belmont Street Dead End (both directions)  
Belmont Square Belmont Street Dead End (both directions)  
Belmont Street Summer Street  Highland Avenue 
Belmont Street Summer Street  Somerville Avenue 
Benedict Avenue Benedict Street Broadway 
Benedict Street Austin Street Dead End 
Benton Road Highland Avenue Hudson Street 

--- PAGE 177 ---
3 
Benton Road Highland Avenue Summer Street (both directions)  
Berkeley Street School Street Central Street (both directions)  
Billingham Street William Street Broadway  
Blakeley Avenue Broadway Garfield Avenue 
Bolton Street Houghton Street Oak Street (both directions)  
Bonair Street McGrath Highway Cross Street 
Bond Street Jaques Street Broadway 
Boston Avenue 
150’ south of 
Broadway Morrison Avenue 
Boston Street Walnut Street Prospect Hill Avenue (both directions) 
Boston Street Prospect Hill Avenue Washington Street 
Bowdoin Street Washington Street Fremont Avenue 
Bowers Avenue Cottage Avenue Elm Street  
Bradley Street Pearl Street Jackson Road (both directions) 
Brastow Avenue Lowell Street  Porter Street (both directions)  
Bromfield Road Warner Street Dearborn Road 
Brook Street Cross Street Glen Street (both directions) 
Browning Road Central Street Sycamore Street 
Buckingham Street Beacon Street Dimick St (both directions)  
Buena Vista Road Holland Street  Meacham Road (both directions)  
Burnham Street  Broadway   Powder House Boulevard (both directions)  
Burnside Avenue Summer Street  Elm Street  
Cady Avenue Simpson Avenue Dead End (both directions)  
Calvin Street Washington Street Beacon Street 
Cambria Street Central Street Benton Road 
Cameron Avenue Holland Street Seven Pines Avenue (both directions) 
Campbell Park  Kingston Street Meacham Road (both directions)  
Carlton Street  Lake Street  Somerville Ave (both directions)  
Carter Terrace Summer Street  Dead End (both directions)  
Cedar Avenue Linden Avenue Cedar Street  
Cedar Street  Highland Avenue Elm Street  
Cedar Street  Broadway Highland Avenue (both directions) 
Central Road Central Street Sycamore Street 
Central Street Somerville Avenue Summer Street 
Central Street 111 Central St 128 Central St 
Central Street Broadway Medford Street (both directions) 
Centre Street Albion Street Dead End (both directions)  

--- PAGE 178 ---
4 
Century Street Meacham Street Edgar Terrace 
Chandler Street Broadway   Park Ave (both directions)  
Chapel Street Chandler Street College Avenue (both directions)  
Charles E. Ryan Road Broadway  Cutler Street (both directions)  
Charnwood Road Hancock Street  Willow Avenue 
Cherry Street Highland Avenue Summer Street (both directions) 
Cherry Street  Summer Street  Elm Street  
Chester Street Elm Street  Cambridge city line 
Chester Avenue Cross Street McGrath Highway 
Chetwynd Road  Curtis Street  Hillsdale Road  
Chetwynd Road  Hillsdale Road  W Adams Street (both directions)  
Church Street  Lake Street  Somerville Ave (both directions)  
Claremon Street  Holland Street  Mead Street (both directions)  
Clarendon Avenue Broadway  Cambridge city line 
Clark Street Newton Street Lincoln Parkway 
Cleveland Street Central Street Harvard Street (both directions)  
Clifton Street Appleton Street Morrison Avenue 
Clyde Street  Warwick Street   Cedar Street  
College Avenue Broadway Highland Avenue 
College Hill Road  North Street  Conwell Ave (both directions)  
Concord Avenue Beacon Street  Newton Street (both directions)  
Concord Avenue Springfield Street 38 Concord Avenue 
Concord Avenue Prospect Street 38 Concord Avenue 
Connecticut Avenue Rhode Island Avenue Pennsylvania Avenue 
Conwell Avenue North Street  Curtis Street (both directions)  
Conwell Street  Francis Street  Highland Avenue 
Cooney Street Beacon Street  Line Street 
Corinthian Road Broadway   Cady Avenue (both directions)  
Cottage Avenue Chester Street Russell Street (both directions)  
Craigie Street  Somerville Avenue Summer Street (both directions)  
Cresthill Road Ten Hills Road Shore Drive (both directions) 
Crocker Street Crown Street Highland Avenue 
Cross Street East Broadway Pennsylvania Ave (both directions) 
Cross Street Broadway McGrath Highway (both directions) 
Crown Street Porter Street Lowell Street 
Curtis Avenue Curtis Street  Hillsdale Road (both directions)  

--- PAGE 179 ---
5 
Curtis Street  Broadway  Powder House Boulevard 
Curtis Street  Powder House Boulevard   Medford city line (both directions)  
Cutter Avenue Elm Street  Highland Avenue 
Cutter Street Webster Street Broadway 
Cypress Street Central Street Beech Street 
Dana Street Pearl Street Bonair Street 
Dane Avenue Leland Street  Dane Street  
Dane Street  Somerville Avenue Washington Street (both directions)  
Dartmouth Street Medford Street Broadway 
Day Street Cambridge city line Elm Street 
Delaware Street Pearl Street McGrath Highway 
Dell Street Tufts Street Glen Street 
Derby Street Wheatland Street Grant Street (both directions) 
Derby Street Grant Street Temple Street 
Dickinson Street Springfield Street Beacon Street 
Dickson Street  Fairmount Avenue Broadway (both directions)  
Dimick Street Calvin Street Concord Avenue (both directions)  
Dover Street Elm Street  Cambridge city line 
Dow Street  Ware Street  Powder House Boulevard (both directions)  
Durham Street  Beacon Street  Hanson Street  
East Albion Street Fremont Street Mt. Vernon Avenue 
Eastman Road  Highland Avenue Dead End (both directions)  
Edgar Avenue Main Street Meacham Street 
Edmands Street McGrath Highway Bonair Street 
Electric Avenue Curtis Street  Mason Street (both directions)  
Eliot Street  Park Street  Properzi Way (both directions)  
Ellsworth Street Cross Street Rush Street 
Elm Street Highland Avenue Grove Street 
Elm Street  Somerville Avenue Cedar Street (both directions)  
Elmwood Street Holland Street Tannery Brook Row (both directions)  
Elmwood Terrace  Elmwood Street Dead End (both directions)  
Elston Street  Elm Street  Summer Street (both directions)  
Emerson Street Everett Street Newton Street (both directions)  
Endicott Avenue Broadway  Hooker Avenue (both directions)  
Essex Street Richdale Avenue Medford Street (both directions)  
Everett Avenue Cross Street McGrath Highway 

--- PAGE 180 ---
6 
Everett Street Newton Street Webster Avenue 
Evergreen Avenue School Street Marshall Street 
Evergreen Avenue Sycamore Street School Street (both directions) 
Fairfax Street North Street  Alewife Brook Parkway 
Fairmount Avenue Curtis Street  Dead End (both directions)  
Farragut Avenue Broadway  Hooker Avenue 
Fellsway W Mystic Avenue Broadway 
Fenwick Street Broadway Jaques Street 
Fisk Avenue Hinckley Street Lowell Street 
Flint Street Franklin Street Cross Street 
Florence Street Perkins Street Pearl Street (both directions) 
Florence Street Pearl Street Washington Street 
Forster Street Sycamore Street Central Street 
Foskett Street Liberty Avenue Willow Avenue (both directions) 
Fountain Avenue Cross Street Glen Street 
Francesca Avenue Liberty Avenue College Avenue 
Francis Street  Porter Street  Conwell Street  
Franey Road Cedar Street Charles E. Ryan Road (both directions)   
Franklin Avenue Washington St Franklin Street 
Franklin Street Washington St Broadway 
Fremont Avenue Bowdoin Street Parker Street 
Fremont Street Main Street East Albion Street 
Garfield Avenue Broadway  Blakeley Avenue (both directions) 
Garrison Avenue Broadway  Hooker Avenue (both directions)  
George Street Broadway  Lincoln Street 
Gibbens Street Dead End   Central Street 
Gilman Street Aldrich Street Cross Street 
Gilman Street Aldrich Street Walnut Street 
Glen Street Tufts Street Broadway  
Glendale Avenue Cameron Avenue Yorktown Street (both directions)  
Glenwood Road Vernon Street Broadway  
Gordon Street North Street  Alewife Brook Parkway 
Gorham Street Tannery Brook Row  Holland Street 
Governor Winthrop Road Shore Drive Ten Hills Road (both directions) 
Grand Union Boulevard Route 28/Fellsway 
Great River Road (Sylvester 
 Baxter Riverfront Park) 
Granite Street Osgood Street Somerville Avenue (both directions)  

--- PAGE 181 ---
7 
Grant Street Broadway Mystic Avenue 
Great River Road Grand Union Boulevard Artisan Way 
Greene Street Laurel Street Summer Street 
Grove Street Elm Street MBTA Busway 
Grove Street Morrison Avenue Winslow Avenue 
Gussie Terrace Porter Street  Linden Avenue (both directions)  
Hall Avenue Liberty Avenue College Avenue 
Hall Street  Cherry Street  Cedar Street  
Hamilton Road North Street  Russell Road (both directions)  
Hammond Street Concord Avenue Dickinson Street (both directions)  
Hancock Street  Charnwood Road Lexington Avenue (both directions)  
Hancock Street Charnwood Road Elm Street  
Hanson Street  Village Street  Washington Street  
Hardan Road Ware Street  Powder House Boulevard (both directions)  
Harold Street Dimick Street Marion Street (both directions)  
Harrison Road Elmwood Street Dead End (both directions)  
Harrison Street  Kent Street  Ivaloo Street (both directions)  
Harvard Street Summer Street  Atherton Street 
Hathorn Street Broadway Arlington Street 
Hawkins Street  Washington Street  Somerville Avenue 
Hawthorne Street  Cutter Avenue Willow Avenue 
Heath Street Moreland Street Fenwick Street (both directions) 
Heath Street Fenwick Street Temple Street 
Henderson Street Richardson Street Wilton Street 
Henry Avenue Highland Avenue Lexington Avenue 
Herbert Street Day Street Chester Street (both directions)  
Hersey Street Berkeley Street Oxford Street (both directions)  
High Street North Street  Alewife Brook Parkway 
Highland Avenue Thorpe Street Cutter Avenue (both directions) 
Highland Avenue Cutter Avenue Davis Square 
Highland Road Boston Avenue Morrison Avenue (both directions) 
Hill Street Fairmount Avenue Broadway  
Hillsdale Road  Conwell Avenue Medford city line (both directions)  
Hinckley Street Broadway  Richardson Street (both directions)  
Hinckley Street Richardson Street Wilton Street 
Holland Street 69 Holland St 167 Holland St 

--- PAGE 182 ---
8 
Hooker Avenue Endicott Avenue Victoria Street (both directions)  
Houghton Street Springfield Street Cambridge city line 
Howard Street Thorndike Street Tannery Brook Row (both directions)  
Howe Street Marshall Street School Street 
Hudson Street  Cedar Street  Central Street 
Ibbetson Street  Somerville Avenue Lowell Street (both directions)  
Illinois Ave Pennsylvania Avenue Broadway  
Indiana Ave Broadway Pennsylvania Avenue 
Irving Street Broadway   Holland Street 
Ivaloo Street  Harrison Street  Park Street (both directions)  
Jackson Road Walnut Street Bradley Street (both directions) 
James Street Radcliffe Road Pearl Street 
Jaques Street Temple Street Edgar Avenue 
Jaques Street Temple Street Fellsway West (both directions) 
Jasper Street Pearl Street Gilman Street (both directions) 
Jay Street Holland Street Howard Street 
Joseph Street Newton Street Lincoln Parkway (both directions)  
Josephine Avenue Morrison Avenue Broadway  
Kensington Ave Broadway Blakeley Avenue 
Kent Street  Beacon Street  Dead end (both directions)  
Kenwood Street Billingham Street College Avenue 
Kidder Avenue College Avenue Boston Avenue (both directions) 
Kingston Street Cambridge city line Meacham Road (both directions)  
Knapp Street Granite Street School Street 
Knowlton Street Tufts Street Morton Street (both directions) 
Lake Street  Church Street  Hawkins Street (both directions)  
Landers Street School Street Dead end (both directions)  
Langmaid Avenue Heath Street Broadway 
Laurel Street Summer Street  Somerville Avenue 
Laurel Terrace Laurel Street Dead end (both directions)  
Lee Street Richdale Avenue Medford Street (both directions)  
Leland Street  Washington Street  Dane Avenue 
Leon Street Concord Avenue Dickinson Street (both directions)  
Leonard Street  Broadway   Powder House Boulevard 
Lesley Avenue Highland Avenue Lexington Avenue (both directions)  
Lewis Street Parkdale Street Rose Street 

--- PAGE 183 ---
9 
Lewis Street Magnus Avenue Rose Street 
Lexington Avenue Willow Avenue Cedar Street  
Liberty Avenue Appleton Street Broadway  
Liberty Road Morrison Avenue Appleton Street 
Lincoln Avenue Lincoln Street Mt. Vernon Street 
Lincoln Parkway Clark Street Joseph Street (both directions) 
Linden Ave  Summer Street  Cedar Avenue 
Linden Avenue Elm Street  Summer Street (both directions) 
Loring Street Osgood Street Somerville Avenue (both directions)  
Lovell Street  Broadway   Electric Avenue 
Lowden Avenue Foskett Street Broadway  
Lowell Street  Somerville Avenue Highland Avenue 
Lowell Street  Highland Avenue Medford Street (both directions)  
Macarthur Street Broadway Bonair Street 
Madison Street Sycamore Street School Street 
Magnus Avenue Washington Street  Lewis Street 
Maine Terrace Austin Street Maine Avenue 
Mallet Street Liberty Avenue Willow Avenue 
Malvern Avenue Cameron Avenue Yorktown Street (both directions)  
Maple Avenue School Street Dead end (both directions)  
Marion Street Wyatt Street Concord Avenue (both directions)  
Marion Street Dimick Street Wyatt Street 
Marshall Street Broadway Pearl Street 
Mason Street  Broadway   Powder House Boulevard (both directions)  
Meacham Road Dover Street Cambridge city line 
Meacham Street Fremont Street Healey School Parking Lot 
Mead Street  Cameron Avenue Moore Street (both directions)  
Medford Street 514 Medford St 469 Medford St 
Melville Road Ten Hills Road Shore Drive (both directions) 
Melvin Street Bonair Street Broadway  
Michigan Ave Broadway   Pennsylvania Avenue 
Miller Street  Beacon Street  Sacramento Street (both directions)  
Milton Street Orchard Street Cambridge city line 
Miner Street Vernon Street Ames Street (both directions)  
Minnesota Avenue Pennsylvania Avenue Broadway  
Monmouth Street Central Street Harvard Street (both directions)  

--- PAGE 184 ---
10 
Montrose Street School Street Sycamore Street 
Moore Street  Mead Street  Holland Street  
Moreland Street Main Street Mystic Avenue 
Morgan Street  Park Street  Beacon Street (both directions)  
Morrison Avenue College Avenue Cedar Street (both directions) 
Morton Street Glen Street Knowlton Street 
Mossland Street  Elm Street  Somerville Avenue 
Mt Vernon Street Pearl Street Broadway 
Mt Vernon Street Pearl Street Washington Street 
Mountain Avenue Porter Street  Dead end (both directions)  
Munroe Street Boston Street Walnut Street 
Murdock Street  Cedar Street  Clyde Street (both directions)  
Myrtle Street Washington Street  Pearl Street 
Myrtle Street Pearl Street Perkins Street (both directions) 
Nashua Street Richardson Street Wilton Street (both directions)  
New Hampshire Avenue Vermont Avenue Pennsylvania Avenue 
Newberne Street Appleton Street Morrison Avenue 
Newbury Street  Holland Street  Washburn Avenue (Cambridge city line)  
Newton Street Prospect Street Everett Street 
Newton Street Webster Avenue Everett Street 
Newton Street Concord Avenue Webster Avenue (both directions)  
North Street Broadway Medford city line (both directions) 
Norwood Avenue Medford Street Broadway 
Oak Street Cambridge city line Prospect Street 
Oakland Avenue School Street Marshall Street 
Oliver Street Franklin Street Glen Street (both directions) 
Oliver Street Glen Street Cross Street 
Orchard Street Meacham Road  Russell Street 
Osgood Street Loring Street Dead end (both directions)  
Ossipee Road Curtis Street  Mason Street (both directions)  
Otis Street Wigglesworth Street Dana Street (both directions) 
Otis Street Cross Street McGrath Hwy 
Oxford Street School Street Central Street 
Packard Avenue Broadway   Powder House Boulevard (both directions)  
Park Avenue Wallace Street College Avenue 
Park Place Laurel Street Dead end (both directions)  

--- PAGE 185 ---
11 
Park Street  Beacon Street  Somerville Avenue (both directions)  
Parkdale Street Washington Street  Lewis Street 
Parker Street Fremont Avenue Washington Street 
Partridge Avenue Broadway Vernon Street 
Paulina Street Holland Street  Broadway 
Pearl Street McGrath Highway Mt. Vernon Street 
Pearson Avenue Boston Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Pearson Road Dearborn Road Broadway 
Pembroke Street Central Street Sycamore Street 
Pennsylvania Ave Cross Street East Broadway  
Perkins Street Franklin Street Boston city line 
Perry Street Washington Street  Wyatt Street (both directions) 
Pinckney Street Perkins Street Washington Street 
Pitman Street Beech Street Spring Street 
Pitman Street Spring Street Belmont Street (both directions)  
Porter Street  Elm Street  Highland Avenue (both directions)  
Powder House Boulevard   North Street   Packard Avenue (both directions) 
Powder House Terrace Liberty Avenue Kidder Avenue 
Preston Road Summer Street School Street (both directions)  
Prichard Avenue Boston Avenue Morrison Avenue 
Princeton Street  Lowell Street  Alpine Street  
Properzi Way Somerville Avenue Tyler Street (both directions) 
Properzi Way  Beacon Street  Village Street (both directions)  
Prospect Hill Avenue Munroe Street McGrath Highway (both directions) 
Prospect Hill Parkway Columbus Avenue Munroe Street (both directions) 
Puritan Road Ten Hills Road Shore Drive (both directions) 
Putnam Road Ten Hills Road Shore Drive (both directions) 
Putnam Street Highland Avenue Summer Street (both directions)  
Quincy Street Somerville Avenue Summer Street 
Radcliffe Road Marshall Street Walnut Street (both directions) 
Raymond Avenue North Street  Curtis Street (both directions) 
Rhode Island Ave Pennsylvania Avenue Connecticut Avenue 
Richardson Street Hinckley Street Lowell Street (both directions)  
Richdale Avenue School Street Sycamore Street 
Robinson Street Central Street Bartlett Street (both directions)  
Rogers Avenue Morrison Avenue Boston Avenue 

--- PAGE 186 ---
12 
Rose Street Lewis Street Washington Street 
Rush Street Flint Street Broadway  
Russell Road Hamilton Road Broadway  
Russell Street Cambridge city line Elm Street 
Sargent Avenue Walnut Street Broadway  
Sartwell Avenue Cedar Street  Cherry Street 
School Street Medford Street Somerville Avenue 
School Street Broadway Medford Street (both directions) 
Sewall Street Temple Street Grant Street 
Shore Drive Temple Road Bailey Road 
Simpson Avenue Broadway   Holland Street 
Skehan Street  Dane Street  Hanson Street (both directions)  
Smith Avenue Beacon Street  Line Street 
Somerville Avenue 583 Somerville Ave 391 Somerville Ave 
South Street 153 South Street Earle Street 
Spencer Avenue Hancock Street  Cedar Street  
Spring Hill Terrace Belmont Street Highland Avenue 
Spring Street Summer Street Atherton Street (both directions)  
Spring Street Atherton Street Somerville Avenue 
Springfield Street Concord Avenue Cambridge city line (both directions)  
St. James Avenue Elm Street  Summer Street (both directions)  
Sterling Street North Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Stickney Avenue School Street Marshall Street 
Stone Avenue Somerville Avenue Columbus Avenue 
Summer Street 1 Summer St 48 Summer St 
Summer Street 98 Summer St 132 Summer St 
Summer Street  Willow Ave  Central Street (both directions) 
Summer Street  Elm Street  Willow Ave   
Summit Street College Avenue Billingham Street (both directions)  
Sunset Road  Curtis Street  Hillsdale Road (both directions)  
Sycamore Street Highland Avenue Broadway 
Sydney Street Temple Street Grant Street (both directions) 
Tannery Brook Row  Gorham Street Cameron Avenue (both directions)  
Taunton Street Wyatt Street Marion Street (both directions)  
Taylor Street Sydney Street Mystic Avenue 
Teele Avenue Packard Avenue Curtis Street   

--- PAGE 187 ---
13 
Temple Road Bailey Road Shore Drive 
Temple Street Mystic Avenue Broadway  
Ten Hills Road Bailey Road Shore Drive (both directions) 
Tennyson Street Pembroke Street Medford Street 
Tennyson Street Medford Street Forster Street (both directions) 
Thorndike Street Holland Street Community Path connection (both directions)  
Thorndike Street Kingston Street Dead end  
Thurston Street Richdale Avenue Medford Street (both directions)  
Thurston Street Broadway Medford Street 
Tower Street Highland Avenue Crown Street 
Trull Lane Highland Avenue Oxford Street (both directions)  
Trull Street Vernon Street Medford Street 
Tufts Street Washington Street Cross Street (both directions) 
Tyler Street  Dane Street  Properzi Way (both directions)  
Upland Road  Curtis Street  Hillsdale Road (both directions)  
Vermont Ave Pennsylvania Avenue New Hampshire Avenue 
Vernon Street Lowell Street Central Street (both directions)  
Victoria Street  Broadway  Dead end  
Village Street  Dane Street  Properzi Way  
Vinal Avenue Highland Avenue Summer Street 
Virginia Street Jasper Street Aldrich Street (both directions) 
W Adams Street Conwell Avenue Medford city line (both directions)  
W Quincy Street  Bailey Street  Medford city line (both directions)  
Waldo Avenue Beacon Street Marion Street (both directions)  
Waldo Street Hudson Street Highland Avenue (both directions)  
Walker Street   Leonard Street  Broadway  
Wallace Street Broadway   Holland Street 
Walnut Road Kenneson Road Walnut Street 
Walnut Street Bow Street Broadway 
Ware Street  Russell Road Curtis Street (both directions)  
Warren Avenue Bow Street Columbus Avenue 
Warwick Street  Cedar Street  Clyde Street  
Washington Street 380 Washington St Union Square 
Waterhouse Street  Woodstock Street  Broadway  
Watson Street  Fairmount Avenue Broadway (both directions)  
Webster Avenue Washington Street Newton Street (both directions) 

--- PAGE 188 ---
14 
Webster Street Glen Street Franklin Street 
Wesley Street Pearl Street Otis Street 
West Street  Hawthorne Street  Highland Avenue (both directions)  
Westminster Street  Electric Avenue Broadway  
Weston Avenue Broadway   Clarendon Avenue (both directions)  
Westwood Road Benton Road Central Street 
Wheatland Street Jaques Street Broadway 
Wheatland Street Jaques Street Mystic Avenue 
Wheeler Street Pinckney Street Mt. Vernon Street 
Whipple Street Highland Avenue Willow Avenue 
Whitfield Road  Packard Avenue Curtis Street   
Whitman Street   Packard Avenue Mason Street  
Wigglesworth Street Bonair Street Pearl Street 
William Street Chandler Street College Avenue (both directions)  
Willoughby Street Central Street Sycamore Street (both directions)  
Willow Avenue Elm Street  Highland Ave  
Willow Avenue Highland Avenue Broadway (both directions)  
Wilton Street Berwick Street Lowell Street 
Windom Street  Summer Street  Elm Street  
Windsor Road Hancock Street  Willow Avenue 
Winslow Avenue Grove Street  Clifton Street (both directions) 
Winslow Avenue Grove Street  College Avenue 
Winter Street College Avenue Holland Street 
Woodbine Street Lowell Street Centre Street (both directions)  
Woods Avenue North Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Woodstock Street  Victoria Street Alewife Brook Parkway 
Wyatt Circle Wyatt Street Wyatt Street (both directions)  
Wyatt Street Taunton Street Concord Avenue (both directions)  
Yorktown Street  Malverne Avenue Gold Star Rd (Cambridge city line)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 189 ---
15 
Schedule T 
Snow Emergency Exception Streets 
 
Street Side From To 
Crocker Street Odd Crown Street Highland Avenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 190 ---
16 
Schedule U 
Temporary Emergency Construction Restrictions 
 
Location Side From To Time/Day 
Restriction 
75 Hinckley St    Accessible Parking 
Space for 6 months 
(July 2025-January 
2026) 
Pearl St North Medford St Walnut St No Parking Anytime, 
approx. 16 RPP 
spaces and 8 2hr 
spaces for duration of 
School St  
Sycamore St  Richdale Ave Montrose St Allow contraflow 
bicycling for the 
duration of the 
School St bridge  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 191 ---
17 
Schedule V 
Specialty Signs 
 
Street Location Details Sign Details 
Belmont Street Adjacent to 195 Summer Street Caution, Blind Children 
Lake Street At #28 Caution, Autistic Child 
Lowell Street Adjacent to 203 Summer Street Caution, Deaf Child 
Morrison Avenue At #14 Caution, Deaf Person 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 192 ---
18 
Schedule W 
Locations Prohibited the Issuance of Parking Permits 
 
Number Street 
13-17 (odd side) Allen Street 
19-27 (odd side) Allen Street 
2-4 (even side) Alpine Street 
59-61 (odd side) Bow Street 
299 Broadway 
366 Broadway 
595 Broadway 
872 Broadway 
171 Cedar Street 
53 Chester Street 
199 Elm Street 
3-5 (odd side) Hawkins Street 
371 Highland Ave 
394 McGrath Highway 
60, 62, 64 Medford Street 
24-28 (even side) Mount Pleasant Street 
181 Pearl Street 
20-50 (even side) Prospect Street 
82-86 (even side) Prospect Street 
108-110 (even side) Prospect Street 
118 Prospect Street 
121 Prospect Street 
14 Sewall Street 
30 Sewall Street 
344-346 (even side) Somerville Ave 
379 Somerville Ave 
26-28 (even side) South Street 
73 Summer Street 
11 Temple Street 
15 Temple Street 
115 Thurston Street 
31 Tufts Street 
13 Warwick Street 
24 Webster Avenue 
0-14 (even side) White Street Place 
 
 
 
*As of 11/21/25. List of addresses subject to change. For the most up-to-date list, please check 
parksomerville.com. 